Contratación Mes de Junio de 2018 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de junio de 2018, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
Local Law 37 - DYCD Report
Data on the youth who are currently residing in DYCD Crisis Services Programs (Crisis Services) and Transitional Independent Living (TIL) Programs.  For HPD Report please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Housing-Development/Local-Law-37-HPD-Monthly-Shelter-Census-Report/mdht-5s6e">this link</a>. For DHS Report please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Social-Services/Local-Law-37-Report/2mqz-v5im"> this link</a>. For HRA Report please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Social-Services/Local-Law-37-Report/e4ty-r26d"> this link</a>.
Citizen Connect Closed Public Works Service Requests
This dataset shows closed public works service requests reported on or after January 1, 2016, for Citizen Connect.
Transient Room Tax 1966-2014
Transient Room Tax 1966-2014
Acueducto De Ronces
Base de datos de la cobertura de acueductos en el municipio de roncesvalles tolima
Oregon LSTA Competitive Grants
A list of grant projects funded through the State Library of Oregon's Library Services and Technology Act (LSTA) Competitive Grants program since 2010. LSTA funds are from a federal allotment through the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS).
Bronx Economic Data 2010 Census per census tract
Economic data collected for the 2010 census. Data acquired from Lehman College Geography Department faculty
Sujetos de Control 2020
Consolidado de las entidades sujetos de control vigilados por la Contraloria Departamental del Huila.  Entiéndase por sujeto de control de la Contraloría Departamental del Huila, cualquier entidad pública, persona jurídica o natural privada que maneje recursos o bienes de los Municipios del Huila.
Rate of Return 2003-2016
Rates of return for the past one year, three year, and five year periods that come from the audited financials and/or actuarial valuation report.
Admitidos Por Centro Tutorial 2016-2017
Estudiantes segun modalidad admitidos en los centros tutoriales
State of New York Mortgage Agency (SONYMA) Loans Purchased: Beginning 2004
Financial and Geographic Information on SONYMA Loans purchased since 2004.
Chattanooga Website Analytics
for chattanooga.gov
Hospital Inpatient Discharges (SPARCS De-Identified): 2017
The Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) Inpatient De-identified File contains discharge level detail on patient characteristics, diagnoses, treatments, services, and charges. This data file contains basic record level detail for the discharge. The de-identified data file does not contain data that is protected health information (PHI) under HIPAA. The health information is not individually identifiable; all data elements considered identifiable have been redacted. For example, the direct identifiers regarding a date have the day and month portion of the date removed.
2014 State Expenditures
Financial data relating to the purchases of goods and services by the state as well as financial disbursements through various state programs
University - Statewide Program Listing
The following information is from statewide programs operated by a public university as listed in ORS 352.002. It is provided per HB 2946 (2017) and sorted by program name. For more information visit https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx.
Proyección Habitantes Beltrán
COLOMBIA. PROYECCIONES DE POBLACIÓN MUNICIPALES POR ÁREA '2005 - 2019 Fuente: DANE.  Las series de proyecciones de población aquí presentadas, están sujetas a ajustes de acuerdo con la disponibilidad de nueva información. Fecha de actualización de la serie: Miércoles 29 de diciembre de 2010.
2009-2013 American Community Survey Detailed Census Tract Data
detailed characteristics of people and housing for individual 2010 census tract portions inside or outside KCMO
Indice de Información Reservada y Clasificada
El documento contiene el Indice de Información Reservada y Clasificada
Percent of Employees Who are Satisfied with Their Job
This dataset uses data from the biennial Employee Engagement Survey to determine the rate of employee satisfaction.
2016-2017 Student Discipline Annual Report - ELL
Student discipline annual report for English language learner aggregated by removals, principal and/or superintendent intervention and expulsions.
Building Violations
Violations issued by the Department of Buildings from 2006 to the present.  Lenders and title companies, please note: These data are historical in nature and should not be relied upon for real estate transactions. For transactional purposes such as closings, please consult the title commitment for outstanding enforcement actions in the Circuit Court of Cook County or the Chicago Department of Administrative Hearings. Violations are always associated to an inspection and there can be multiple violation records to one inspection record. Related Applications: Building Data Warehouse http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/bldgs/provdrs/inspect/svcs/building_violationsonline.html. The information presented on this website is informational only and does not necessarily reflect the current condition of the building or property. The dataset contains cases where a respondent has been found to be liable as well as cases where the respondent has been found to be not liable.
Medicare Hospice Use and Spending by State Aggregate Report, CY2016
The Hospice Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Hospice PUF) provides information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries by hospice providers. The Hospice PUF contains information on utilization, payment (Medicare payment and standard payment), submitted charges, primary diagnoses, sites of service, and hospice beneficiary demographics organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number) and state. This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Hospice PUF covers calendar year 2016 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) hospice claims for the Medicare population including beneficiaries enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan.
DRUG ARRESTS
Year to date drug arrest information for 2019
Brownfield Site List
The City of Austin Brownfields Revitalization Office partners with local governments and other associations to support the revitalization of brownfields. Brownfield revitalization is a way to return a property to the community as a greenspace or as a commercial, residential or mixed-use development. Brownfields are abandoned, idle or under-utilized properties where revitalization is hindered by real or perceived environmental contamination. Brownfields are real property, where the expansion, redevelopment or reuse may be complicated by the presence or potential presence of a hazardous substance, pollutant or contaminant.  The column with ftp folder # corresponds to another posted dataset Brownfield Site Data which provides links to supporting documents for each of the sites.
2510B_District Attorney's Office
Performance measures dataset
Participantes Mesas de diálogo 2019 - Rendición de Cuentas Vigencia 2018
Numero de participantes en las mesas de dialogo realizadas en el marco de la estrategia de rendición de de cuentas vigencia 2018 -INPEC
Feed the Future Tajikistan Zone of Influence Population Based Survey, Women's File
The baseline survey in Tajikistan captures data in the Feed the Future Zones of Influence (ZOI), comprised of 12 of the 24 districts in Khatlon province. A total of 2,000 households in the ZOI were surveyed for the PBS data collection activity. These households are spread across 100 standard enumeration areas in the targeted districts. The survey is comprised of ten CSV files: a children's file, a household-level file, a household member level file, a women's file, several files describing consumption, and two files used to construct the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index.  This file is an individual-level dataset with the data for all women age 15-49 with a completed interview captured in Module H of the questionnaire.
Sampled Fish Snake River Chinook
InPort Dataset ID: 18138 InPort Entity ID: 35557 This table describes data associated with each Snake River fall chinook salmon collected from Lyons Ferry Hatchery in 2011.
Esquema de Publicacion de Informacion
ESQUEMA DE PUBLICACION DE LA INFORMACION
Floor space by use by block
Data collected as part of the City of Melbourne's Census of Land Use and Employment (CLUE). The data covers the period 2002-2019. It shows floor space (in square metres) per city (CLUE) block, classified by their space use and small area allocation. This dataset has been <b>confidentialised</b> to protect the commercially sensitive information of individual businesses. Data in cells which pertain to two or fewer businesses have been suppressed and are shown as a blank cell. The row and column totals refer to the true total, including those suppressed cells. Non-confidentialised data may be made available subject to a data supply agreement. For more information contact clue@melbourne.vic.gov.au  For CLUE block spatial files see https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Census-of-Land-Use-and-Employment-Blocks/aia8-ryiq  For space use definitions see http://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/SiteCollectionDocuments/clue-definitions.pdf  For more information about CLUE see http://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/clue
Oregon New Market Tax Credit (NMTC) Program: 2015
For more information about this program and economic development go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/Economic_Development.aspx
Capital Budget Measure Z
2016-04-08
Lobbying Clients Reportable Business Relationships with State Officials and Employees: Beginning 2012
Data provided by Clients in their Semi-Annual filings submitted to NYS Joint Commission on Public Ethics.
Rendimiento en toneladas por hectáreas en Cultivos de  Raíces Bulbos y Tubérculos  en el departamento del valle del cauca del año 2000 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre el Rendimiento en toneladas por hectáreas en Cultivos de  Raíces Bulbos y Tubérculos  en el departamento del valle del cauca del año 2000 al 2018
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 25, Figure 24
Unemployment rate (%) for ACT young people aged 15–24 years and not attending full-time education (12-month moving average) and for people aged 15 years and above (trend), 2013–18.  Source: ABS cat. no. 6202.0; 6291.0.55.001 and ACT Treasury’s calculation.
Población con discapacidad por género y edad de Guadalajara de Buga año 2016 / Population with disabilities by gender and age of Guadalajara de Buga year 2016
Caracterización de la población con algún grado de discapacidad discriminada por género y edad del municipio de Guadalajara de Buga año 2016 / Characterization of the population with some degree of disability discriminated by gender and age of the municipality of Guadalajara de Buga 2016
Grand And San Juan County Public Health Services Directory
Grand And San Juan County Public Health Services Directory
Loan Denial
This Indicator measures the difference in denial rate of Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) loans by race/ethnicity. The HMDA requires that any loan secured by a lien on a dwelling made for the purpose of purchasing a home is reportable on an annual basis to the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC), which is the federal reporting agency of the Federal Reserve Board.
Secured Properties TOP 10 Tax Payers By Primary Tax Rate Area
Listing of top 10 Taxpayers in each Primary Tax Rate Area
State Park And Visitation Totals 2003
State Park And Visitation Totals 2003
Consolidado de Contratación de Antioquia Mes de Abril de 2015
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación con la Información detallada de todos los Eventos filtrado por la Fecha de Firma del Contrato
Sewer Abandoned Lines
This data identifies the approximate location of Public sewer lines that have been abandoned in place. This data does not depict all Public sewer lines that have been abandoned. Sewer as-builts must be reviewed. This data is updated as needed. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbsewr_Sewer_Abandoned_Lines.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Dialysis Facility Compare - Listing by Facility
A list of all dialysis facilities registered with Medicare that includes addresses and phone numbers, as well as services and quality of care provided.
Cobertura De Afiliación Al Sistema General De Seguridad Social De Salud En El Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Año 2015
Cobertura De Afiliación Al Sistema General De Seguridad Social De Salud En El Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Año 2015
NNDSS - Table II. Invasive Pneumococcal to Legionellosis
NNDSS - Table II. Invasive Pneumococcal to Legionellosis - 2014.In this Table, all conditions with a 5-year average annual national total of more than or equals 1,000 cases but less than or equals 10,000 cases will be displayed (��� 1,000 and ��_ 10,000). The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Case counts for reporting years 2013 and 2014 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly. ��� Includes drug resistant and susceptible cases of Invasive Pneumococcal Disease. This condition was previously named Streptococcus pneumoniae invasive disease and cases were reported to CDC using different event codes to specify whether the cases were drug resistant or in a defined age group, such as < 5 years. Since 2010, case notifications for this condition were consolidated under one event code for Invasive pneumococcal disease.More information on NNDSS is available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/.
Civic Center Parks Plant Life
Tongva Park & Ken Genser Square's drought-tolerant, native and locally-appropriate plant palette that dynamically changes with the seasons.
FY2017 F65 Township Part 1
F-65 Data Summary Townships 2017
USA SPENDING C&P BURIAL B101 VETERANS CEMETARY GRANTS PROGRAM FEB2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to assist States and federally recognized tribal governments in the establishment, expansion, and improvement of veterans' cemeteries. Monetary assistance is provided under this program to establish, expand, and improve State or Tribal government veterans’ cemeteries. Cemeteries must be State or Tribal Government owned and operated solely for the interment of eligible veterans and their dependents and/or spouses. Construction cost means the amount found necessary to convert a tract of land to an operational cemetery. The cemetery must be used solely for the interment of veterans, their wives, husbands, surviving spouses, minor children, and unmarried adult children who were physically or mentally disabled and incapable of self-support: section 38 CFR Part 38.620.</p>
Corredores Verdes Municipio de Medellín
Los corredores verdes son todas las vías que, dentro de su composición, incluyen una franja o franjas para movilidad peatonal y de Personas de Movilidad Reducida -PMR- de un ancho mayor al estipulado para los andenes y de mejores cualidades urbanas, lo cual permite espacios de encuentro y socialización de los ciudadanos. Estos corredores se encuentran asociados a quebradas y/o corrientes de agua, corredores de transporte publico, corredores viales o la combinación de los anteriores, teniendo en cuenta que el peatón es el actor principal y quien lleva la prioridad en términos de intervención.
SMART Program
SMART Program Measure K
Entrada y Salida de Vehiculos de Patios
Entrada y salida de vehiculos de patios año 2017
Oficinas de Atención Clientes CENS
Oficinas de la E.S.P. Centrales Eléctricas del Norte de Santander S.A. en el departamento Norte de Santander.
Food Security in Edmonton - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the May 2019 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5enTBQVbIsLKnhCBvlqKoy?t=1  Open from May 14 - 21, 2019.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 11,525 Insight Community Members. 2,926 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 25%. A total of 2,946 respondents completed the survey: 2,926 Insight Community Members and 6 from the call to action button on our web page and 14 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Licensed Advisory Organizations in Iowa
An advisory organization is an entity, including all its affiliated subsidiaries, either having two or more member insurers or is controlled directly or indirectly by two or more insurers, and which assists insurers with rate making related activities as detailed in sections 515F.10 and 515F.11. Two or more insurers under common ownership or operating in this state under common management or control, constitutes a single insurer for purposes of this definition.
PROYECTOS RADICADOS ENERO 2019 MUNICIPIO DE LOS PATIOS
Proyectos Radicados enero 2019 Municipio de los Patios Norte de Santander.
Baseline Salud Mesoamerica Belize - LQAS Survey
Baseline Salud Mesoamerica Belize - LQAS Survey
State HUD Data Utah 2012
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents in Utah, summarized at the state, public housing agency (PHA), project, census tract, county, Core-Based Statistical Area and city levels as downloadable files
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 1 Hour Intervals: 2016
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
Water Consumption by Water District 2008-2012
Data from BAWSCA Annual Survey. Water consumption data by water districts in San Mateo County from 2008-2013. Includes data on: water use, water use by customer class, water source, number of customer accounts, and residential per capita water consumption.
171- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 3.1
Memorial Library Performance Measures, Objective 3.1- Internet Sessions
2020 DOE High School Directory
Directory of Department of Education High Schools in 2020.
2014 Census - Dwelling Unit Status (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
DSNY Special Waste Drop-off Sites
Location of DSNY Special Waste Drop-Off Sites. Please note that starting on March 20, 2020, DSNY suspended some services to limit person-to-person contact and to enable our workforce to refocus on core operations. Suspended services include Special Waste Drop-off sites which will be closed until further notice. Residents should not illegally dump waste at these locations. Visit https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dsny/site/services/harmful-products for updates.
Point-In-Time Homeless Counts
The Homeless Housing and Assistance Act requires that each county In Washington State conduct an annual point in time count of sheltered and unsheltered homeless persons. This census is conducted in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). The 2018 Point in Time Count (PIT) took place on January 25, 2018.
NIST - Dollar amount of co-investment by non-Federal sources in DOC-supported Manufacturing USA institutes.
The indicator reflects how well the focus area of the manufacturing USA (formerly National Network for Manufacturing Innovation) Institutes matches a real national need and is intended to measure the extent to which the industrial partners perceive that they are receiving value from the existence of the Institute. Non-Federal partners dedicate resources when they believe that there will be economic benefit. Non-Federal sources include industry partners of all sizes, state and local governments, economic development entities, institutions of higher education, private organizations and individuals. Investment includes cash and in-kind resources provided.
[ARCHIVED] Taxfiler Data by County Distribution of Income
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports income as reported on tax filings by age and sex.  Geographies available: provinces, counties
PERSONAS EN CONDICIÓN DE DISCAPACIDAD SUTAMARCHÁN
Listado de personas residentes en el Municipio de Sutamarchán que presentan algún tipo de discapacidad y que son susceptibles de beneficios de programas sociales
NNDSS - TABLE 1Z. Pertussis to Poliomyelitis, paralytic
NNDSS - TABLE 1Z. Pertussis to Poliomyelitis, paralytic - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Notice: Data from California published in week 29 for years 2019 and 2020 were incomplete when originally published on July 24, 2020. On August 4, 2020, incomplete case counts were replaced with a "U" indicating case counts are not available for specified time period.   Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).  § The pertussis case definition was modified by CSTE effective January 1, 2020. Criteria were modified increasing sensitivity for case ascertainment such that case counts may increase.
MBDA-Dollar Value of Contracts
Dollar value of contracts resulting from clients served and direct client services by MBDA national network of Minority business centers. The business centers facilitate access to public and private sector procurement opportunities for minority business enterprises both domestically and internationally.
2015-Contracts-Treasury
Contracts for the State Treasurer's office for Fiscal Year 2015. For more information go to:http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/contracts.aspx
Enterprise Zones 12-31-2018
Enterprise Zones
Insight Community App - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the July 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=417&t=1. Open from July 13 - 21, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3130 Insight Community Members. 1296 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1348 respondents completed the survey: 1296 Insight Community Members and 52 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Registered Cooling Towers: Beginning August 2015
This data includes the location of cooling towers registered with New York State. The data is self-reported by owners/property managers of cooling towers in service in New York State. In August 2015, the New York State Department of Health released emergency regulations requiring the owners of cooling towers to register them with New York State.
Building Permits: Commercial and Multi-Family Buildings - DEPRECATED
This dataset has been deprecated and replaced by two new building permit datasets:   Building Permits: Addition/Alteration https://data.cambridgema.gov/Inspectional-Services/Building-Permits-Addition-Alteration/qu2z-8suj/data  New Building Permits https://data.cambridgema.gov/Inspectional-Services/New-Building-Permits/9qm7-wbdc/data  **** Description for Deprecated Dataset:  Approved building permits for commercial buildings and multifamily homes. The PLANNUMBER column uses "BLDC" to indicate commercial buildings and "BLDM" to indicate multifamily homes. Building permits are issued to licensed construction supervisors and enable recipients to construct, alter, or demolish a structure or install a sign. The building permit must be obtained from Cambridge's Inspectional Services Department before the start of any work and must be prominently posted at the job site. This dataset includes building permits for the construction of renovation of commercial buildings.
Montgomery County Employee Retirement Plans – General Information
This dataset contains Information on the County’s three retirement programs:  Employee’s Retirement System (ERS), Retirement Savings Plan (RSP) and Deferred Compensations Plan (DCP).   Update Frequency :Annually
SEDES EDUCATIVAS BENEFICIADAS CON PROYECTO DE CONECTIVIDAD 2019
SEDES EDUCATIVAS BENEFICIADAS PROYECTO DE CONECTIVIDAD PARA EL MUNICIPIO DE SINCELEJO, ZONAS RURALES Y URBANAS. 2019
Traffic Collisions Reported
Collisions investigated by the Mesa Police Department and reported to the State of Arizona as a reportable motor vehicle collision, per ARS Title 28-667.
Vital Signs: Rent Payments – by city
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Rent Payments (EC8)  FULL MEASURE NAME Median rent payment  LAST UPDATED August 2019  DESCRIPTION Rent payments refer to the cost of leasing an apartment or home and serves as a measure of housing costs for individuals who do not own a home. The data reflect the median monthly rent paid by Bay Area households across apartments and homes of various sizes and various levels of quality. This differs from advertised rents for available apartments, which usually are higher. Note that rent can be presented using nominal or real (inflation-adjusted) dollar values; data are presented inflation-adjusted to reflect changes in household purchasing power over time.  DATA SOURCE U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census 1970-2000 https://nhgis.org  Note: Count 1 and Count 2; Form STF1; Form SF3a  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 2005-2017 http://api.census.gov  Note: Form B25058; 1-YR  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index 1970-2017 http://www.bls.gov/data/ Note: All Urban Consumers Data Table (by metro)  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Rent data reflects median rent payments rather than list rents (refer to measure definition above). Larger geographies (metro and county) rely upon ACS 1-year data, while smaller geographies rely upon ACS 5-year rolling average data. 1970 Census data for median rent payments has been imputed by ABAG staff as the source data only provided the mean, rather than the median, monthly rent. Metro area boundaries reflects today’s metro area definitions by county for consistency, rather than historical metro area boundaries.  Inflation-adjusted data are presented to illustrate how rent payments have grown relative to overall price increases; that said, the use of the Consumer Price Index does create some challenges given the fact that housing represents a major chunk of consumer goods bundle used to calculate CPI. This reflects a methodological tradeoff between precision and accuracy and is a common concern when working with any commodity that is a major component of CPI itself.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of August 2018.</p>
Dobson Ranch Golf Rounds
Amount of Golf Rounds played at Dobson Ranch Golf Course
Listado Predios Municipio de Boyaca
Contiene información de los predios existentes en el Municipio de Boyaca, informa la clase de predio, en que vereda esta ubicado el predio, si tiene mejoras o no,  el área, el avaluo, el número y el código de predio.
2016 Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Bloodstream Infection (BSI) Laboratory-Identified (LabID) Events Table – Acute Care Hospitals (Updated Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report facility-wide MRSA BSIs as part of Oregon’s mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
Five Year Plan Summary by Capital Category
Five year plan summary cost by capital category.
Medicare Referring DMEPOS HCPCS National Aggregate CY2013
The 2013 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Public Use File (herein referred to as “Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF”) presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.  The Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF contains data on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code and supplier rental indicator. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org). The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2013 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Community Resources
A list of community resources for new and current residents and visitors.
Ogden Weber County Public Health Indicators Census 2017_2019
This data set contains census tract and city public health indicators for chronic diseases like obesity, diabetes, smoking, cancer, kidney disease, etc. These small area estimates will allow cities and local health departments to better understand the burden and geographic distribution of health-related variables in their jurisdictions, and assist them in planning public health interventions.
Directorio de Presidentes de Juntas De Acción Comunal Del Municipio de Sampués
Información Básica de los presidentes de la junta de accion comunal de los barrios del Municipio de Sampués Sucre
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of May 2019.</p>
Producción de Frutales en el departamento del valle del cauca del año 2000 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene la información sobre la Producción de Frutales en el departamento del valle del cauca del año 2000 al 2018
MORBILIDAD POR RINOFARINGITIS
Casos por morbilidad por Rinofaringitis en la ciudad de Pereira
QUINDÍO. Nacimientos, Mortalidad General, fetal,  Perinatal, Neonatal y menores de 5 años por municipio. 2012 - 2017
Tasa de Nacimientos, Mortalidad General, fetal,  Perinatal, Neonatal y menores de 5 años por municipio en el departamento del Quindio desde el 2012 al 2017
Ejecucion Presupuestal 2015-2
Informe donde se especifica la forma como el municipio de motavita invirtió sus recursos para la vigencia 2015
City of Seattle Wages: Comparison by Gender - Average Hourly Wage by Age
Average hourly wages for women and men sorted by age range
Poblacion Por Barrios Municipio De Algarrobo
En este conjunto de datos se registra la población del Municipio de Algarrobo por barrio y por sexo
Land Use Codes
This table contains a code for how land use is labeled, along with a description of what that code means.
General Building Permits
List of issued building permits from the City of Edmonton - Sustainable Development Department for the public to do construction or maintenance on a structure located in the City. Note - All records start from January 1, 2009.  Please note : the decision was made to not release applicant information on this dataset as it was seen as a potential privacy issue. For instance, if a high profile member of the public were to apply for a permit, their name (and consequently address) would show up on this table and become easily searchable by the public.  We viewed this as a potential issue and decided to publish the dataset without applicant information.
DIRECTORIO EMPRESARIAL TURÍSTICO PEREIRA-ARTE PUBLICO
Arte publico en la ciudad de Pereira.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Garzón Huila
Listado de las instituciones educativas existentes en el municipio de Garzón, Públicas y Privadas
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Foreign-Born in the Population
This indicator is specific to the foreign-born population. Moreover, it breaks down the foreign population into naturalized citizens or not naturalized residents.  Because it is out of the entire population, the percentages of naturalized and not naturalized will not add up to 100%. Instead, they will add to the percentage of foreign-born.  Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP02.
PLN_BENE_COST_EXCEPTION [test]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_BENE_COST_EXCEPTION [test], released on 2020-10-21.
2012 Census - Population By Mode Of Transportation (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2012.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Hospice - Provider Data
A list of hospice agencies with data on the quality of patient care measures shown on Hospice Compare.
Festivales Municipio de Tauramena
Listado de los diferentes festivales en el Municipio de Tauramena y corregimientos.
4760B_Vehicle and Equipment Services
Performance measures dataset
Listado De Funcionarios De Planta
A continuación, se presentará el listado de funcionarios públicos que trabajan en la alcaldía del Municipio de Chiquinquirá Boyacá.
Información general de los recursos naturales de m
Se relaciona la información asociada a los recursos naturales del municipio de Berbeo como nombre, ubicación, particularidades y modo de acceso de acuerdo al inventario turístico de la Entidad
Downtown Tax Revenue by Consumer Activity Period
NOTE: Effective March 1, 2019, the Mesa tax rate increased from 1.75% to 2.0%.   This dataset contains revenue for active Transaction Privilege Tax (TPT) taxpayers (also known as Sales Tax) and Transient Lodging Tax (TLT) taxpayers (also known as Hotel / Motel Tax) located in downtown Mesa. To see a map of downtown Mesa boundaries see the "Source Link" below. Revenues are grouped by Reporting Period Year and Reporting Period Month. Reporting period generally refers to the time period when the consumer activity took place and is a representation of economic activity in the city. For example, a sale registered in the month of March appears in the reporting month March, regardless of when the payment was received/posted by the City. As taxpayers make payments and other corrections to previous periods, over time monthly revenue numbers fluctuate. Generally speaking, monthly revenue numbers for consumer activity become more accurate over time.
Forestry Risk Assessments
Risk Assessments are sub-components of Inspection records where Type = Level 2. Trees are inspected in accordance with Parks' Tree Risk Management program. For a given defect identified on a tree, 3 rating variables are selected to arrive at a Total Rating. Because multiple defects can be noted on a tree, multiple Risk Assessment records can be related to one Inspection.  User guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PVPWFi-WExkG3rvnagQDoBbqfsGzxCKNmR6n678nUeU/edit?usp=sharing  Data dictionary: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yMfZgcsrvx9M0b3-ZdEQ3WCk2dFxgitCWytTrJSwEAs/edit?usp=sharing
Number of Arts-Related Businesses
Number of Arts-Related Businesses from the US Census Bureau's Business Patterns Survey. Note that the Census Bureau does not provide city-level data. The smallest available geography is at the Zip Code level. All Zip Codes within Everett are aggregated to obtain Everett-level results.
2011 Final ADT Counts for the State Road Network
2011 Final ADT Counts for the State Road Network as of 06-06-12  Additional Info:    Additional information is available on the Department of Transportation Website at http://www.ct.gov/dot/lib/dot/documents/dpolicy/traflog/TrafficLog12.pdf
New York City Crime Stats Sept 9-15, 2013
Citywide crime statistics for the week of September 9-15, 2013
Data for Efficacy of Nitrile Disinfection (Phi6)
In the 2014 West African Ebola outbreak, international organizations provided conflicting recommendations for disinfecting surfaces contaminated by uncontrolled patient spills. We compared the efficacy of four chlorine solutions (sodium hypochlorite, sodium dichloroisocyanurate, high ­test hypochlorite, and generated hypochlorite) for disinfection of three surface types (stainless steel, heavy duty tarp, and nitrile), with and without pre­cleaning practices (pre­wiping and/or covering) and soil load. The test organisms were E. coli and the Ebola surrogate Phi6. All tests achieved a minimum of 5.9­ and 3.1­log removal in E. coli and Phi6, respectively. A 15­-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine was sufficient to ensure less than 8 Phi6 PFU/cm2 in all tests. While chlorine types were equally efficacious with and without soil load, variation was seen by surface type. Wiping did not increase disinfection efficacy, and is not recommended as it generates infectious waste. Covering spills decreased disinfection efficacy against E. coli on heavy ­duty tarp but does prevent splashing, which is critical in Ebola contexts. Our results support the recommendation of a 15-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine, independently of chlorine type, surface, pre­-cleaning practices, and organic matter, as an efficacious measure to interrupt disease transmission from uncontrolled spills in Ebola outbreaks.
Areas estrategicas de Los Patios
Areas estrategicas para la conservacion del recurso hidrico del municipio de Los Patios en cumplimiento a la norma.
FY2017 MMR Agency Performance Indicators
NYC agency performance indicators from the FY17 Mayor's Management Report (MMR)  <i>Use ‘CSV for Excel’ when downloading this dataset and then sort in alphabetical order by Agency.<i>
Evanston Arrests
Arrests in Evanston
Información Contable Publica Del Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Del 01-07-2017 A 30-09-2017
Información Contable Publica Del Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Del 01-07-2017 A 30-09-2017
PDU Vendor Payment Status
The status of payments to PDU vendors.
HS Dataset Violence Prevention outcomes
Violence Prevention outcomes
Resultados Prueba Saber Grado 11 Año 2019
Resultados asociados al examen Saber 11°
Utah Crop Totals By Commodity From 1879-2015
This data set contains Utah crop totals by commodity from 1879-2015.  The data is from the National Agricultural Statistics Service.
Remote Learning by Town
This dataset includes the percentage of public school students PK-12 who are fully remote by town during a given week of the school year.   The percent of students remote for a town is determined based on all districts and Approved Private Special Education Programs (APSEPs) located in that town. CT Technical Education and Career Districts (CTECS) and Regional Education Service Center School Districts (RESCs) are excluded from this calculation because they have schools in several towns. For towns that are part of a regional school district for all grades or some grades, the percent remote for each member town will reflect the same value based on the total of all districts and APSEPs in those member towns.  In some cases, multiple towns have been grouped together to calculate the number and percent of students who are fully remote; the towns included in the calculation are noted in the column called "Remote calculation town group."  When an asterisk is displayed, data have been suppressed to safeguard student confidentiality, or to ensure that statistics based on a very small sample size are not interpreted as equally representative as those based on a sufficiently larger sample size. For more information on CSDE data suppression policies, please visit http://edsight.ct.gov/relatedreports/BDCRE%20Data%20Suppression%20Rules.pdf.
Utah Libraries Comparison Tax Rates 2013
The following data was provided by the Utah Tax Commission with additional calculations and reformatting done by the Utah State Library.
Residential Building Permits 2009-2014
Summary of annual neighbourhood permits for new building construction and alterations. This data-set is from 2009 to 2014. Data is updated semi-annually.
Environmental Nuisance Docket 11-6-2018
Nuisance resolution adopted 11/6/2018.
Popular Baby Names
Popular Baby Names by Sex and Ethnic Group  Data were collected through civil birth registration. Each record represents the ranking of a baby name in the order of frequency. Data can be used to represent the popularity of a name. Caution should be used when assessing the rank of a baby name if the frequency count is close to 10; the ranking may vary year to year.
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Labour by Industry 1991 and 1996
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports employment by industry. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form). Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
Contiene el índice de información clasificada y reservada, en cumplimiento de la ley 1712 de 2014.
Public Engagement - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the October 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1266&as=H7LM4c5nA8&t=1    Open from October 11 - 18, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6496 Insight Community Members. 1962 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 30%. A total of 1963 respondents completed the survey: 1962 Insight Community Members and 1 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Educating and Assisting Residents on Anti-Discrimination Laws
The Office of Equity and Human Rights staff are committed to increasing compliance with anti-discrimination laws and empowering our community with tools needed to exercise their civil rights. We regularly conduct outreach and education within the community.
Licensed Contractors
A valid license is required to conduct certain businesses within the official limits of the City of Buffalo.  The City of Buffalo Ordinance requires persons engaged in a home improvement business (i.e. painting, siding, roofing) or doing construction work in the City of Buffalo to obtain a City of Buffalo Contractor license. All mechanical contractors (i.e. electricians, plumbers, HVAC) must be licensed within the City of Buffalo. Licenses are required for certain business types in order to protect the health, safety and general welfare of the residents of the City. Upon submittal of a license application, the Office of Licenses will coordinate various reviews and inspections by agencies such as the Building Inspection Office, Fire Prevention Bureau, Health Department, Police Department, zoning, etc. in order to assist individuals in obtaining a city license.
Well Permits
A listing of permits for water wells. The dataset includes information such as location (tax parcel), capacity, date and permit number. Specific location data, for some well types, is redacted per state law.
2018 Seattle Business Districts
Contact list of business district organizations in Seattle
Washington Land Area in Square Miles
U.S. Census Bureau, data file from Geography Division based on the TIGER/Geographic Identification Code Scheme (TIGER/GICS) computer file. Land area updated every 10 years. http://www.census.gov/geo/www/tiger/index.html or http://factfinder2.census.gov.  Land area is the size, in square units (metric and nonmetric) of all areas designated as land in the Census Bureau's national geographic (TIGER®) database.
Registro de Activos de Información
Registro de Activos de Información de ESSA
Contratación Mes de Noviembre de 2019 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de noviembre de 2019, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
2001- 2013 Graduation Outcomes Borough- ALL STUDENTS,SWD,GENDER,ELL,ETHNICITY,EVER ELL
The New York State calculation method was first adopted for the Cohort of 2001 (Class of 2005).  The cohort consists of all students who first entered 9th grade in a given school year (e.g., the Cohort of 2006 entered 9th grade in the school year).  Graduates are defined as those students earning either a Local or Regents diploma.
Concejales del municipio de Acacías
Concejales del municipio de Acacías, partido político, comisión, teléfono y correo electrónico de contacto
Percentage of Drivers and Front Seat Passengers Wearing Seat Belts, 2012 & 2014, Region 5 - Chicago
Source for 2012 national data: National Occupant Protection Use Survey (NOPUS), 2012. Source for 2014 national data: National Occupant Protection Use Survey (NOPUS), 2014.  Source for 2012 state data: State Observational Survey of Seat Belt Use, 2012. Source for 2014 state data: Seat Belt Use in 2014- Use Rates in the States and Territories
BASE DE DATOS INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAs-2
Base de datos que contiene nombres de las sedes, no. de estudiantes, nombre de rectores y datos de contacto de las instituciones educativas del Municipio de La Uvita.
Capital Project List - Dataset
This is a list of capital projects from 2004 to present.
Code Compliance Violations 2011 - Present
This dataset includes records that describe Code Compliance violations that have been recorded during inspections. Code Compliance violations can be of 5 different types: Housing, Rental(RUCO), Nuisance, Vehicle, and Front Yard Parking.
Presidentes de asociaciones de juntas de acción comunal rural Municipio de Pasto a marzo del 2019
Presidentes de asociaciones de juntas de acción comunal a marzo 2019
2013 - 2015 New York State English Language Arts (ELA) Exam
(Grades 3 - 8)    Notes   Starting in 2013, the NY State Education Department (NYSED) changed the exams to be Common Core aligned. Results on earlier exams from 2006-2012 can be found at this link: http://schools.nyc.gov/NR/exeres/05289E74-2D81-4CC0-81F6-E1143E28F4C4,frameless.htm    Results presented here include all students who sat for either the Math or ELA exam. On the NYSED website, results for "matched" students can be found. To account for participation changes across years and anticipate the importance of year-to-year same-cohort comparisons for the Class of 2022, "matched" Math and ELA results were calculated to include 4th grade students who were tested in both the current and previous year and to include 5th – 8th grade students who were tested in all three years.  In order to comply with FERPA regulations on public reporting of education outcomes, rows with 5 or fewer students are suppressed.  For 2013, District 75 students are represented in their home districts and boroughs. For 2014 & 2015, they are not included.  Charter schools are not included. School level charter data can be found here: http://schools.nyc.gov/Accountability/data/TestResults/ELAandMathTestResults    In 2007, the New York State Education Department updated its testing policy for English Language Learners: ELLs in an English Language School System for more than one year are required to take the ELA exam. Previously, ELLs in an English Language School System for less than 3 years were exempt from taking the ELA exam.   A change in State testing policy drove a decrease in eighth grade proficiency rates in 2014: to reduce double testing, most students in accelerated math courses who took the Algebra Regents exam were exempted from taking the 7th or 8th grade State math assessment.  Former English Language Learners includes any students who were classified as English Language Learners in at least one of the previous two school years.
ED Private Establishments & Wages QCEW
Numbers of private-sector establishments in Pierce County, by quarter, reporting information about employment and wages on the Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages.
MEA SmartEnergy: Energy Efficiency
Energy efficiency dollars awarded through Maryland Energy Administration's smart energy projects.
Segal AmeriCorps Education Award: Payments and Alumni by Institution
Summary dataset of total payments made to higher education and loan holding institutions from Fiscal Year 1995 through Fiscal Year 2016, aggregated by institution.
CD- Permit Types
Types of permits issued by community development
AFSC/ABL: Southeast Alaska Estuaries Data: Shorezone Component Data
The dataset contains trawl and seine catches from Southeast Alaskan estuaries sampled from 1995 to 2008. The data also include physical variables (temp, salinity, turbidity), and shorezone shoreline classifications.
Coordinated System of Homeless Services Report
This report is shared with the Coordinated System of Homeless Services (CSHS) partners within the community through the monthly CoC Steering Group meetings
Food Establishment List with Current Inspection Score
Contains the list of Food Establishment Businesses and the current inspection score.    Food Establishment Inspection data is contained in four data sets:    Food Establishment Businesses  Food Establishment Inspections  Food Establishment Violations  Food Establishment List with Current Inspection Score    Data set relationships    Business: one to many -> Inspections (key: License Number)  Inspections: one to many -> Violations (key: License Number, Inspection Date)
Mormon Cricket Infested Acreage By Year Utah
This data set contains Mormon cricket infested acreage by year in Utah.  Data comes from the Utah Mormon cricket and grasshopper infestation report.
Medicare Drug Payments to Utah Physicians 2016
The Part D Prescriber Public Use File (PUF) provides information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program.
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD
INCLUYE PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD   POR CONSULTA POR URGENCIAS DE COLOMBIANOS,PRIMERAS CAUSAS  DE MORBILIDAD DE ATENCIÓN EN URGENCIAS,CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD  POR URGENCIAS DE CIUDADANOS  VENEZOLANOS,PRIMERAS CAUSAS  DE MORBILIDAD DE ATENCIÓN EN HOSPITALIZACIÓN,PRIMERAS CAUSA DE MORBILIDAD POR CONSULTA EXTERNA  POR CICLO DE VIDA PRIMERA INFANCIA,PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CONSULTA EXTERNA  POR CICLO DE VIDA INFANCIA,PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CONSULTA EXTERNA  POR CICLO DE VIDA ADOLESCENCIA,PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CONSULTA EXTERNA  POR CICLO DE VIDA JUVENTUD,PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CONSULTA EXTERNA  POR CICLO DE VIDA ADULTEZ,PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD  CONSULTA EXTERNA  POR CICLO DE VIDA  VEJEZ
LISTA DE ASOCIACIONES
LISTADO DE ASOCIACIONES CON SU RESPECTIVO REPRESENTANTE LEGAL
Facilities Management - Fire Panel Report, by Location, with Detail - June 2011
A recap of the alerts that appeared on Cook County facility fire panels. A building's Fire Panel shows all alarm/alert activity for the building, The report also lists descriptions of each alarm.
Real Property Tax 2018
This data represents all of the County’s residential real estate properties and all of the associated tax charges and credits with that property processed at the annual billing in July of each year, excluding any subsequent billing additions and/or revisions throughout the year. This dataset excludes the names of the property owners. The addresses in this database represent the address of the property. For more information about the individual taxes and credits, please go to http://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/finance/taxes/faqs.html#credit.   Update Frequency: Updated Annually in July
Catálogo de Paneles de Inundabilidad
Dataset que contiene las diferentes versiones históricas y vigentes de los paneles para Puerto Rico del Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM), producidos por la Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) como parte del Flood Insurance Program.  Estos documentos representan los mapas de inundación oficiales para propósitos de establecer las tasas de las primas de seguros a base del riesgo asignado a cada espacio de la planicie de inundación.  Las áreas de inundación se clasifican por tipo de zonas inundable, las cuales están descritas en el propio mapa. Cada mapa se muestra en una escala de 1:10,000.
Wayne County Opioid Prescriptions 2006_2012
This data set contains opioid prescriptions dispensed in Wayne County from 2006-2012 as reported to the Drug Enforcement Agencies ARCOS database.  The data contains the manufacturer, distributor & pharmacy that dispensed the opoid as well as the dosage and strength.
Población del Regimen contributivo del Municipio de Medellín con corte a diciembre de 2016
Población del Regimen contributivo del Municipio de Medellín con corte a diciembre de  2016 por EPS, Edad y sexo
EST. CERTIFICADOS EN CAPACIDAD DE ALMACENAMIENTO Y ACONDICIONAMIENTO DE REACTIVOS DE DIAGNÓSTICO IN-VITRO
ESTABLECIMIENTOS FABRICANTES CERTIFICADOS EN CONDICIONES SANITARIAS DE REACTIVOS DE DIAGNOSTICO IN-VITRO MEDIANTE VISITA Y/O AUDITORÍA.
2015 LeanCT Report
Lean and process improvement project detail by agency
Mobile App Configuration
Configuration file for the demonstration mobile app.
USAID Public-Private Partnerships Database - Partnerships Active in 2015
This spreadsheet contains detailed information regarding active public-private partnerships in FY 2015.  This dataset is part of the data asset that brings together information collected since 2001 on Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) that have been supported by USAID. For the purposes of this dataset a PPP is defined as a USAID-supported development project or initiative which engages the private sector (including corporations, foundations, and other non-governmental actors) as a core resource partner. Due to changes in Agency data collection systems, standards, and internal organization, the data has been collected according to different mechanisms, definitions, and timeframes from 2001-2016, and therefore cannot be considered to be comprehensive of all PPPs during this period.
2017 - 2018 November2017 Avg Class Size Borough K8 - Open Data Portal
K8 Class Size Report - Aggregated by Borough
ESPACIO PÚBLICO VERDE POR HABITANTE POR UPZ
Este indicador permite medir la cantidad de espacio público verde orientado a satisfacer las necesidades de recreación, permanencia al aire libre y de encuentro, constituido además por las áreas para la conservación y preservación de los sistemas orográficos e hídricos, los parques y las zonas verdes.
Afiliados activos por genero
En este enlace encontraras información histórica de cantidad de afiliados activos por genero  en el Fondo Nacional del Ahorro
HECTAREAS ESTABLECIDAS CON SISTEMAS AGROFORESTALES
Son formas de uso y manejo de los recursos naturales en los cuales, especies leñosas (árboles y arbustos), son utilizados en asociación deliberada con cultivos agrícolas  y con animales. Con el objetico de diversificar la producción, controlar la agricultura migratoria, aumentar el nivel de materia orgánica en el suelo, fijar el nitrógeno atmosférico, reciclar nutrientes, modificar el microclima y optimizar la producción del sistema, respetando el principio de sistema sostenido.
Tornado Hex Map Data
Average damage assessment for areas in tornado path.
Rev Auth- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 2.1
Revenue Authority Performance Metrics Objective 2.1- Increase collection of unpaid parking citations. FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Connecticut Fire Departments, as reported to NFIRS
This dataset contains Connecticut Fire Department as reported to the National Fire Incident Reporting System (NFIRS).    NFIRS collects details on Fire, HazMat and EMS incidences nationwide, detailing the kind of incident responded to, where it occurred, the resources used to mitigate it and more, with a goal of understanding the nature and causes of the incidents. Information is also collected on the number of civilian or firefighter casualties and an estimate of property loss.    Participation in NFIRS is voluntary.
Construction Projects
This dataset provides updates to Austin Fire Department station renovations and new construction projects.  This dataset will be updated monthly.
TEST LC
Test data only.  Not for Public Use
City of Albany Revenues: 2013
In the accompanying data, each type of revenue is listed by category. The categories used are those promulgated by State Comptroller so that reporting among all localities is uniform.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of January 2018</p>
RICAPS Energy Contribution to Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Data by city showing energy contribution to greenhouse gas emissions in the County. This data is part of the Regionally Integrated Climate Action Planning Suite (RICAPS) program.    Each city in San Mateo County has the opportunity to develop its own Climate Action Plan (CAP) using tools developed by C/CAG in conjunction with DNV KEMA https://www.dnvgl.com/ and Hara. http://www.verisae.com/default.aspx. This project was funded by grants from the Bay Area Air Quality Management District (BAAQMD) and Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E). Climate Action Plans developed from these tools will meet BAAQMD's California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) guidelines for a Qualified Greenhouse Gas Reduction   Strategy.    For more information, please see the RICAPS site: http://www.smcenergywatch.com/progress_report.html
RR Submission Version Data D(November 2014)
This table contains all the column names and their descriptions for the RR_SUBMISSION_VERSION_DATA_D CSV. This CSV contains the Table D data contained in each submitted Part 1 Rate Summary Form
2013-2017 District Math Results - All
New York City data and trends for state assessment results of math test for grades 3 through 8. Data’s disaggregated by district, by all students, ethnicity, economic status, gender, English language limited and students with disabilities.
Salt Lake County Crime Data 2013
Salt Lake County Crime Data 2013
Daily PM10 Pollution Emissions Utah 2009
Available State-wide annual daily inventories of air pollutant emissions (PM10) are summarized in this data set. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Crime Severity Index across Canada
Statistics Canada's Crime Severity Index of the top 20 largest Canadian Cities.    The Crime Severity Index (CSI) assesses the severity of criminality by measuring both the volume of police-reported criminal incidents and weighting for more severe crime, while factoring for the level of population. The CSI is indexed to equal 100 in Canada for the year 2006.    Source: Statistics Canada, tables 252-0083 to 252-0090; 2011 Census.
Institutos Formación para el Trabajo y Desarrollo
Institutos Formación para el Trabajo y Desarrollo Humano Sogamoso
2000 State Expenditures
Financial data relating to the purchases of goods and services by the state as well as financial disbursements through various state programs
Grain Rail Cars Loaded and Billed
Weekly grain cars loaded and billed data from the Surface Transportation Board's (STB) Rail Service Metrics. As part of their submission to the STB, railroads provide data broken out by state on the total number of grain cars loaded and billed. STB requests railroads include cars in shuttle service; dedicated train service; reservation, lottery, open and other ordering systems; and private cars. The reported cars are separated into three components: (1) total grain cars loaded and billed for shuttle service (or dedicated train service); (2) total grain cars loaded and billed for ordering systems other than shuttle (or dedicated train) service; and (3) the combined total (that is, the total grain cars loaded and billed for all ordering systems).  Grain includes the following Standard Transportation Commodity Codes (STCCs): 01131 (barley), 01132 (corn), 01133 (oats), 01135 (rye), 01136 (sorghum grains), 01137 (wheat), 01139 (grain, not elsewhere classified), 01144 (soybeans), 01341 (beans, dry), 01342 (peas, dry), and 01343 (cowpeas, lentils, or lupines).
Territorios del Municipio de Luruaco
A continuación, usted podrá conocer la cantidad total de la población del Municipio de Luruaco.
Waste/Recycling Depot List
A complete list of City of Edmonton run waste/recycling drop-off facilities (depots), including Community Recycling Depots, Eco Stations and the Reuse Centre. Data includes facility address, operating hours, phone number, latitude/longitude and general description of accepted items.    To be used with the following data sets: Waste/Recycling Streams List, Waste Materials List.
GUIDE 2017 - R2R
A guide with field descriptions used to help understand APD's Response to Resistance datasets. AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided is for informational use only and is not considered official APD crime data as in official Texas DPS or FBI crime reports. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
FY2015 F65 County
F-65 Data Summary Counties 2015
Central Valley salmonid acoustic telemetry project
The project’s objective is to document movement patterns and survival rates of Chinook salmon, steelhead, green sturgeon, and other fish from several sources in the Central Valley of California. Juvenile salmonids from hatcheries or wild caught are implanted with small acoustic transmitters and the location of the fish are recorded on receivers that are placed throughout the watershed from Redding to the Golden Gate. Over 70 receiver locations with over 150 receivers monitor the movement of these fish. These receivers record the date, time, and unique identification number of transmitters that pass within listening range of the receivers. The first acoustic tagging studies began in 2006 and continue today.
Percent of women who report drinking alcohol while pregnant, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Percent of live births whose mothers drank alcohol during pregnancy.    Definition:  Self-reported use of alcohol by the mother during pregnancy.  Denominator includes mothers with unknown alcohol use status (approx. 5% of birth records).    Source: Birth Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health
Real Property Taxes
Current Real Property Tax in Baltimore. For more detailed information, visit SDAT at http://sdat.resiusa.org/RealProperty/Pages/default.aspx
CorStat - Library Patron Statistics
Information regarding how many visits the library receives per month, including service hours and days open. Data is provided by a monthly administration report created by the Library and Recreation Services management staff.
2016 Census - Population by Mode of Transportation (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Utah Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2007
Utah Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2007
FY 2020 SNF VBP Facility Performance
This dataset contains facility specific performance information for the fiscal year (FY) 2020 Skilled Nursing Facility Value-Based Purchasing (SNF VBP) Program. Included are baseline period (FY 2016) and performance period (FY 2018) risk-standardized readmission rates, achievement scores, improvement scores, performance scores, rankings, and incentive payment multipliers. This dataset was updated and finalized following the March 31, 2020 completion of the Phase 1 Review and Correction process.
Enhancing Microsimulation Models for Improved Work Zone Planning: Car-Following Data from Northern Virginia (Runs)
The data describe freeway car-following behavior (such as velocity, acceleration, and relative position) for the car-following instances observed during 59 data collection runs, performed through the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) Turner Fairbank Highway Research Center’s (TFHRC) Living Laboratory (LL). Data were collected using an Instrumented Research Vehicle (IRV) along freeways in northern Virginia to better understand work zone driver behaviors. The USDOT Volpe National Transportation Systems Center (Volpe Center) identified, isolated, and classified individual car following instances from within the raw datasets (classification parameters included roadway type, level of congestion, and speed limit), then processed, refined, and cleaned the dataset.   This table contains metadata about each data collection run. See also the instances table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/k74u-yqu6) and radar table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/uvrt-varj).
Pulmonary Disease
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
2017 Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Bloodstream Infection (BSI) Laboratory-Identified (LabID) Events Table – Acute Care Hospitals
Oregon hospitals report facility-wide MRSA BSIs as part of Oregon’s mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
Public Health Activities and Services - 2013
The Public Health Activities and Services (PHAS) data measures what public health does in the state and how much of it is done across all 35 local health agencies and the Department of Health in Washington State each year.  Activities measured fall under the following broad categories:    Access To Care     Assessment     Communicable Disease     Communicable Disease: Immunization     Emergency Preparedness     Environmental Health     Healthy Families     Prevention and Wellness  More PHAS data is available at https://fortress.wa.gov/doh/phip/PHIP/Home.mvc
Activos de Información
Conjunto de datos para identificar los activos de información de la Escuela Superior de Administración Publica
Calls for Service 2011
This dataset reflects incidents that have been reported to the New Orleans Police Department in 2011. Data is provided by Orleans Parish Communication District (OPCD), the administrative office of 9-1-1 for the City of New Orleans. In the OPCD system, NOPD may reclassify or change the signal type for up to 36 hours after the incident is marked up. For information about an incident after this time period, citizens may request police reports from the NOPD Public Records Division.  In order to protect the privacy of victims, addresses are shown at the block level and the call types cruelty to juveniles, juvenile attachment and missing juvenile have been removed in accordance with the Louisiana Public Records Act, L.R.S. 44:1.  Map coordinates (X,Y) have been removed for the following call types: Aggravated Rape, Aggravated Rape - MA, Crime Against Nature, Mental Patient, Oral Sexual Battery, Prostitution, Sexual Battery, Simple Rape, and Soliciting for Prost.Disclaimer: These incidents may be based upon preliminary information supplied to the Police Department by the reporting parties that have not been verified. The preliminary crime classifications may be changed at a later date based upon additional investigation and there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. Therefore, the New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information and the information should not be used for comparison purposes over time. The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
VEHÍCULOS DE SERVICIO PÚBLICO DE TRANSPORTE METROPOLITANO ACTIVOS CON TARJETA DE OPERACIÓN VIGENTE A 2017 DIC 28
VEHÍCULOS DE SERVICIO PÚBLICO DE TRANSPORTE METROPOLITANO ACTIVOS CON TARJETA DE OPERACIÓN VIGENTE A 2017 DIC 28
Cost per veteran served
Cost per veteran served. Human Services Agency performance measure 7520P ID 413.
Energy and Water Data Disclosure for Local Law 84 2020 (Data for Calendar Year 2019)
Data and metrics on water and energy consumption in buldings over 25,000 ft2.
COVID-19 Tests, Cases, and Deaths (By Town)
COVID-19 cases, tests, and associated deaths from COVID-19 that have been reported among Connecticut residents. All data in this report are preliminary; data for previous dates will be updated as new reports are received and data errors are corrected. Deaths reported to the either the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner (OCME) or Department of Public Health (DPH) are included in the daily COVID-19 update.   The case rate per 100,000 includes probable and confirmed cases. Probable and confirmed are defined using the CSTE case definition, which is available online: https://cdn.ymaws.com/www.cste.org/resource/resmgr/2020ps/Interim-20-ID-01_COVID-19.pdf  Population is based on the CT DPH population statistics which is available online:  (https://portal.ct.gov/DPH/Health-Information-Systems--Reporting/Population/Population-Statistics)  Data are reported daily, with timestamps indicated in the daily briefings posted at: portal.ct.gov/coronavirus. Data are subject to future revision as reporting changes.  Starting in July 2020, this dataset will be updated every weekday.   Additional notes: A delay in the data pull schedule occurred on 06/23/2020. Data from 06/22/2020 was processed on 06/23/2020 at 3:30 PM. The normal data cycle resumed with the data for 06/23/2020.  A network outage on 05/19/2020 resulted in a change in the data pull schedule. Data from 5/19/2020 was processed on 05/20/2020 at 12:00 PM. Data from 5/20/2020 was processed on 5/20/2020 8:30 PM. The normal data cycle resumed on 05/20/2020 with the 8:30 PM data pull. As a result of the network outage, the timestamp on the datasets on the Open Data Portal differ from the timestamp in DPH's daily PDF reports.
County Land and Buildings
County-owned land and buildings.  Includes information on County open space, parks, pump stations, libraries, parking lots, water towers, etc. as of 8/31/20.
City University of New York (CUNY) Programs: Beginning Fall 2008
CUNY academic programs catalog by campus, beginning Fall 2008.
OPIF, iOPIF, and rOPIF Payments (FY 2019 - 2013)
This report provides reporting for the Filmmakers or companies receiving reimbursements, and the amount of each reimbursement from the OPIF, iOPIF, and rOPIF  programs under ORS 284.368. For more information visit https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx.
SHIP Adolescents Who Use Tobacco Products 2010, 2013-2014, 2016
Adolescents Who Use Tobacco Products  - This indicator shows the percentage of adolescents (public high school students) who used any tobacco product in the last 30 days. Preventing youth from using tobacco products is critical to improving the health of Marylanders. This highly addictive behavior can lead to costly illnesses and death to users and those exposed to secondhand smoke.
Información Instituciones prestadoras de Salud del municipio de Ciénaga
En este documento se muestra la información básica acerca de las instituciones prestadoras de salud.
Fire Stations
Fire station locations
Impaired Driving Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 4 - Atlanta
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for people killed in crashes involving a driver with BAC =>0.08%, 2012, 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File. Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Performance Year 2018 Medicare Shared Savings Program Accountable Care Organizations
The Medicare Shared Savings Program (Shared Savings Program) facilitates coordination among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries while reducing the growth in health care costs. Eligible providers, hospitals, and suppliers may apply to participate in the Shared Savings Program by creating or participating in an Accountable Care Organization (ACO).     DISCLAIMER: This information is current as of January 2018. Changes to ACO information occurs periodically. Each ACO has the most up-to-date information about their organization. Consider contacting the ACO for the latest information.
Christmas Tree Recycling Locations 2014
Locations provided by the city to recycle Christmas trees from January 4 through January 18, 2014. For more information, see http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/streets/provdrs/streets_san/news/2013/dec/city-of-chicago-to-offer-christmas-tree-recycling-at-23-citywide.html
Terry Stops
This data represents records of police reported stops under Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1 (1968). Each row represents a unique stop.     - Each record contains perceived demographics of the subject, as reported by the officer making the stop and officer demographics as reported to the Seattle Police Department, for employment purposes.     - Where available, data elements from the associated Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) event (e.g. Call Type, Initial Call Type, Final Call Type) are included.
Beaver County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014 FINAL
The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org).  The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
2017 Medicare Shared Savings Program Organizations
The Medicare Shared Savings Program (or Shared Savings Program) facilitates coordination among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries while reducing the growth in health care costs. Eligible providers, hospitals, and suppliers may apply to participate in the Shared Savings Program by creating or participating in an Accountable Care Organization (ACO).     Note: Data descriptions are available in the Data Dictionary on the ACOs in Your State webpage at https://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Medicare-Fee-for-Service-Payment/sharedsavingsprogram/ACOs-in-Your-State.html. Look for the Downloads section at the bottom of the page and open the ZIP file to see the Data Dictionary.    DISCLAIMER: This information is current as of December 2016. Changes to ACO information occurs periodically. Each ACO has the most up-to-date information about their organization. Consider using them as a resource to obtain the latest information about an ACO.
Vital Signs: Population – by region shares
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Population (LU1)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Population estimates    LAST UPDATED  September 2016    DESCRIPTION			  Population is a measurement of the number of residents that live in a given geographical area, be it a neighborhood, city, county or region. 				    DATA SOURCES		  U.S. Census Bureau  1960-1990  Decennial Census  http://factfinder2.census.gov    California Department of Finance  1961-2016  Population and Housing Estimates  http://www.dof.ca.gov/research/demographic/    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  All legal boundaries and names for Census geography (metropolitan statistical area, county, city, tract) are as of January 1, 2010, released beginning November 30, 2010 by the U.S. Census Bureau. A priority development area (PDA) is a locally-designated infill area with frequent transit service, where a jurisdiction has decided to concentrate most of its housing and jobs growth for development in the foreseeable future. PDA boundaries are as current as July 2016. Population estimates for PDAs were derived from Census population counts at the block group level for 2000-2014 and at the tract level for 1970-1990.     Population estimates for Bay Area counties and cities are from the California Department of Finance, which are as of January 1st of each year. Population estimates for non-Bay Area regions are from the U.S. Census Bureau. Decennial Census years reflect population as of April 1st of each year whereas population estimates for intercensal estimates are as of July 1st of each year. Population estimates for Bay Area tracts are from the decennial Census (1970 -2010) and the American Community Survey (2008-2012 5-year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average). Population estimates for Bay Area PDAs are from the decennial Census (1970 - 2010) and the American Community Survey (2006-2010 5 year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average.         Estimates of density for tracts and PDAs use gross acres as the denominator.     Annual population estimates for metropolitan areas outside the Bay Area are from the Census and are benchmarked to each decennial Census. The annual estimates in the 1990s were not updated to match the 2000 benchmark.    The following is a list of cities and towns by geographical area:   Big Three: San Jose, San Francisco, Oakland  Bayside: Alameda, Albany, Atherton, Belmont, Belvedere, Berkeley, Brisbane, Burlingame, Campbell, Colma, Corte Madera, Cupertino, Daly City, East Palo Alto, El Cerrito, Emeryville, Fairfax, Foster City, Fremont, Hayward, Hercules, Hillsborough, Larkspur, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Los Gatos, Menlo Park, Mill Valley, Millbrae, Milpitas, Monte Sereno, Mountain View, Newark, Pacifica, Palo Alto, Piedmont, Pinole, Portola Valley, Redwood City, Richmond, Ross, San Anselmo, San Bruno, San Carlos, San Leandro, San Mateo, San Pablo, San Rafael, Santa Clara, Saratoga, Sausalito, South San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Tiburon, Union City, Vallejo, Woodside  InlandCoastalDelta: American Canyon, Benicia, Clayton, Concord, Cotati, Danville, Dublin, Lafayette, Martinez, Moraga, Napa, Novato, Orinda, Petaluma, Pleasant Hill, Pleasanton, Rohnert Park, San Ramon, Santa Rosa, Sebastopol, Walnut Creek, Antioch, Brentwood, Calistoga, Cloverdale, Dixon, Fairfield, Gilroy, Half Moon Bay, Healdsburg, Livermore, Morgan Hill, Oakley, Pittsburg, Rio Vista, Sonoma, St. Helena, Suisun City, Vacaville, Windsor, Yountville  Unincorporated: all unincorporated towns
Vehicles
OPT maintains an inventory of all the vehicles used by contracted bus vendors in service to the Department of Education. The vehicles inventory can include school buses, ambulances or coach buses. This dataset details the active vehicle inventory for each bus vendor.   There are a variety of different vehicles used to serve students requiring curb-to-curb service because an Individualized Education Plan (IEP) indicates specific transportation needs. The standard bus is the only vehicle used for general education students eligible for bus service but who do not have an IEP.
On Street Parking - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the October Mixed Topic survey.   Test link to view these questions only:   https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=215&t=1  Open from Oct 14 - 21, 2014   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1639 Insight Community Members. 898 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 55%.  A total of 1146 Edmontonians completed the survey: 898 Insight Community Members and 248 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info
[ARCHIVED] NHS Labour by Place of Work
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports employment by regular place of work and sex.  This data is sourced from the 2011 National Household Survey.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Energy Efficiency Annual Energy Savings ( MWH)
Austin Energy provides rebates and low interest loans to customers  who make energy efficiency improvements. During fiscal year 2012, energy savings totaled nearly 106-million kilowatt hours. That's enough electricity to power nearly 9,400 residential homes in Austin.
PRIMER SEGUIMIENTO A DENUNCIAS 2017
SEGUIMIENTO AL TRAMITE DE DENUNCIAS - PRIMER INFORME 2017 REALIZADO POR LA CONTRALORÍA GENERAL DEL CAUCA
Festividades del Municipio de Acacías
Festividades Celebradas en el Municipio de Acacias-Meta
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of February 2019.</p>
Sewer Lift Stations
Approximate locations of existing sewer lift stations in the sanitary sewer system owned, operated and maintained by Pierce County PWU-Sewer and Water Utilities Division as well as the private sanitary sewer pipelines that connect into the Pierce County system. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbsewr_ssliftstation.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
VDH-COVID-19-PublicUseDataset-KeyMeasures-Hospitals
This data set includes data on the key measures that are monitored by government and community leaders to keep Virginians healthy and safe. This data set includes: the total number of COVID-19 patients hospitalized in Virginia hospitals; the number of COVID-19 patients hospitalized who are in the intensive care unit (ICU); the number of COVID-19 patients that are hospitalized who are on ventilators; the number of hospitals reporting difficulty acquiring personal protective equipment (PPE); hospital bed capacity; surge capacity; and number of beds occupied by COVID-19 patients. These data are reported at the state level. This data set was first published on 01-May-2020. When you download the data set, the dates will be sorted in ascending order, meaning that the earliest date will be at the top. To see data for the most recent date, please scroll down to the bottom of the data set.
TOTAL POBLACIÓN NIÑAS NIÑOS ADOLESCENTES Y JÓVENES VICTIMAS DEL CONFLICTO EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2016
TOTAL POBLACIÓN NIÑAS NIÑOS ADOLESCENTES Y JÓVENES VICTIMAS DEL CONFLICTO EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2016
Variation of Temperature in Incubation System Following Pump Failure With No Water Reservoir Trough 3 Incubators 16 and 32
InPort Dataset ID: 30878 InPort Entity ID: 37546 Trough 3, Incubators 16 and 32.
Report Card Assessment Data from 2014-15 to Current Year
This file includes Report Card assessment data from 2014-15 through the most current year of data. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information and notes for downloading this data.
DIRECTORIO DE HOTELES Y RESTAURANTES EN MOSQUERA CUNDINAMARCA
Listado de hoteles y restaurantes del Municipio de Mosquera CundInamarca
Asociaciones NARP  (negros, afros, raizales y palenqueros) en el departamento de Casanare
Este conjunto de datos contiene información de las Asociaciones NARP  (negros, afros, raizales y palenqueros) en el departamento de Casanare.  Para reportar hallazgos, comentarios o sugerencias, puede escribirnos por medio de los siguientes mecanismos: https://apps.casanare.gov.co/correspondencia/pqrs sistemas@casanare.gov.co
Assessor's Office Deleted Parcel List - 2016-2017
Parcels subdivided, merged or voided for the 2016-2017 roll.
Temporary Sign Locations
Inventory of current and future and development permits for temporary on-premises and off-premises signs issued by the City of Edmonton on private property.  Available (approved) sign locations are also shown to help expedite the application process.    For further information, please visit:    https://www.edmonton.ca/temporarysigns
Esquema de Publicación de Información MinAgricultura
El esquema de Publicación de Información hace parte de los instrumentos de gestión de información pública del Ministerio de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural.
2015  First 6 Months (January-June) Service Delivery Outputs
The data presented reflects the cumulative total of the first six months of program output reporting by agency, program, and funding source.
Men’s Intervention Program Location
Men’s Intervention Programs (MIPs) provide holistic intervention and prevention services and supports for men who are or have been abusive in their intimate relationships. These services and supports are provided within the larger continuum of services for families affected by intimate partner violence. Intimate partner violence may include physical, sexual, verbal, emotional, psychological, social, and financial violence and abuse
NNDSS - TABLE 1II. Tetanus to Trichinellosis
NNDSS - TABLE 1II. Tetanus to Trichinellosis - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Operating Budget Revenues: FY 2016 - Present
This dataset includes the breakdown/allocation of County revenues.
Plan de Acción ESSA 2020
Plan de Acción ESSA 2020
Tarifas Para Servicios De Acueducto - Aguas Nacionales EPM
Las empresas de servicios públicos domiciliarios deben fijar los costos de referencia que se tomarán como base para la fijación de sus tarifas. Tarifas vigentes de acuerdo a la última actualización efectuada en agosto de 2020.
2015 2016 Student Discipline Annual Report - GRADE LEVEL
Student Discipline Annual Report - GRADE LEVEL
2005 Street Tree Census
Citywide street tree data from the 2005 Street Tree Census, conducted partly by volunteers organized by NYC Parks & Recreation. Trees were inventoried by address, and were collected from 2005-2006. Data collected includes tree species, diameter, condition.
Access to Intercity Transportation in Rural Areas
Total and percent of rural population with access to scheduled intercity bus, rail, and air transportation. Rural areas are Census block groups with their centroid (center) outside of all Census urban areas. Summarized to county level. Facilities used available at: https://data.transportation.gov/Research-and-Statistics/Intercity-Air-Bus-and-Rail-Transportation-Faciliti/xnub-2sc4.   Interactive map showing access to intercity transportation in rural areas: https://datahub.transportation.gov/stories/s/Rural-Access-to-Intercity-Transportation/gr9y-9gjq/edit  Methodology: https://datahub.transportation.gov/stories/s/dbb4-pr2c
Housing & Community Investment Service Locations
Locations of offices associated with the Los Angeles Housing and Community Investment Department which provide services to city residents.
seec-fulltext-test
seec-fulltext-test
City Health - High School Graduation
High School Graduation: Public school students who graduate within 4 years of entering ninth grade (%). Note: this metric is at the city (not school district) level, and involves all school types.
Motor Vehicle Occupant Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 3 - Philadelphia
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for motor vehicle occupants killed in crashes, 2012 & 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Appeals Closed In 2019
A list of all appeals closed by the Civil Service Commission in 2019. This list includes both Civil Service Law Section 50 Disqualification Appeals and Civil Service Law Section 76 Disciplinary Appeals.    The expiration dates listed here may not account for any extensions that have been granted. In particular, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (“DCAS”) extended multiple lists set to expire in 2020 and these extensions are not reflected here. For further information on list expiration dates  you may wish to consult DCAS whose website you can access here: http://www.nyc.gov/dcas.
Restaurant and Market Health Inspections
This dataset contains Environmental Health Inspection Results for Restaurants and Markets in the City of Los Angeles. Los Angeles County Environmental Health is responsible for inspections and enforcement activities for all unincorporated areas and 85 of the 88 cities in the County. This dataset is filtered from County data to include only facilities in the City of Los Angeles. The full dataset is available at https://data.lacounty.gov/Health/LOS-ANGELES-COUNTY-RESTAURANT-AND-MARKET-INSPECTIO/6ni6-h5kp.
TACOMA BUSINESS LICENSE
list of active accounts in the City of Tacoma
Percent Change in Property Value by Location and Land Use Category 2019-2020
This dataset outlines the percent changes in median Estimated Market Values, Aggregate Estimated Market Values, and Parcel Counts by Location (City of Saint Paul vs Suburbs) and Land Use Category from 2019 to 2020.
County/Metro Indicator - Delays in Access to Health Care (Archive)
UCLA Center for Health Policy Research. AskCHIS 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011-2017. Delayed or didn't get other medical care (San Bernardino County, State of California). Available at ask.chis.ucla.edu. Exported on February 05, 2019.
Provincial_Summary_Municipal Revenue (Grants_ User Fees_ and Other Municipalities) by Functional Category
A selection of FIR Data
pln_snt_ctgry_cst_shr_optsupp_ctgry [test]
Plan Finder dataset pln_snt_ctgry_cst_shr_optsupp_ctgry [test], released on 2020-10-21.
Regional Sidewalk Inventory
The regional sidewalk inventory documents the existence of sidewalks in the counties of Cook, Lake, Will, Kane, Kendall, DuPage, and McHenry, as well as whether those sidewalks have a barrier or buffer from moving traffic. The assessment uses a reference point of Spring 2018 for aerial photography and does not measure accessibility and does not catalog curb cuts.
Disability Insurance (DI) - Monthly Data
The monthly summary report is intended to provide the user with a quick overview of the status of the DI program at the state level. This summary report contains monthly information on claims activities, average weekly benefit amounts, average duration of claims, benefits authorized, the DI Fund balance and other statistics. This data is used in budgetary and administrative planning, program evaluation, and reports to the Legislature and the public.
NNDSS - TABLE 1J. Dengue virus infections, Dengue to Severe dengue
NNDSS - TABLE 1J. Dengue virus infections, Dengue to Severe dengue - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:   U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.   Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).   § Includes data for dengue and dengue-like illness.
Redmond Capital Projects
This data shows projects from the City of Redmond budget. It is one of 4 datasets that feed into the http://Budget.Redmond.gov data viewer.
Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts FY2018 (Location)
An agency-verified dataset of City-funded contracted social service provision locations.  This is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Verified+Locations+for+NYC+City-Funded+Social+Service+Contracts'>Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts collection</a>.
DIRECTORIO DE ALCALDÍAS DEL DEPARTAMENTO DEL CESAR
INFORMACION DE LOS ALCALDES DEL DEPARTAMENTO
Regulated Railroad Utilities In Utah
State Code section 54-4-14 and 54-4-15 gives the Public Service Commission regualatory authority for safety and the establishment of grade crossings. This data set contains railroad utilities regulated by the Division of Public Utilities
State Virtual Server Growth
In effort to increase efficiencies and reduce hardware costs, the State of Missouri has adopted virtualized servers to service agency IT infrastructure and computing needs.
Open Budget Expenses
Listing of the adopted budget, amended budget, and City expenditures tied to budgetary accounts. This includes the accounting string that describes which fund, organizational department and the activity rollup of the department for the corresponding adopted budget, amended budget, and actual expenditures.    The data contained on this website is for informational purposes only and represents adopted budget, amended budget, expenditures, and year end estimates of the City of Mesa. The data does not include internal transfers or accounting adjustments. The data as represented is unaudited and may contain omissions. For audited financial statements please reference the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR). Certain Activity assignments may change mid-year. This year-to-date information is updated monthly and represents the most current activity assignment regardless of the assignment at the time of the transaction.
Employee salary data
Salaries and compensation for all employees of the County of San Mateo
USUARIOS ATENDIDOS II SEMESTRE 2018 AMBITO HOSPITALIZACION Y URGENCIAS DESCRIMINADOS POR SEXO Y EDAD
USUARIOS ATENDIDOS POR SEMESTRE AMBITO HOSPITALIZACION Y URGENCIAS DESCRIMINADOS POR SEXO Y EDAD
HHH Projects 2020
This dataset lists the City's proposition HHH projects and their associated costs. These locations are referenced in the 2020 HHH projects report provided by the Office of the Controller. View the full report here:
State's Attorney Felony Cases - Disposition Outcomes By Offense Type and Defendant Gender
The disposition data presented in this report reflects the culmination of the fact-finding process that leads to the resolution of a case. Included in this data set are the defendant counts by gender and disposition, their associated offense type, and year.
TxRC 2017 Monthly Handle
2017 Monthly Handle by TxRC Track Code and Signal Type - unaudited
Police-reported incidents of human trafficking, by province and territory, 2009 to 2018 / Affaires de traite de personnes déclarées par la police, par province et territoire, 2009 à 2018
Many incidents identified as human trafficking by police are not processed as such in courts. Other Canadian research suggests that charges of human trafficking may not be pursued as such once they come before the courts. Criminal court cases involving human trafficking, on average, involved more charges, took longer to complete, and were less likely to result in a guilty decision when compared with criminal court cases for other violent offences. The added complexity and lower likelihood of successful prosecution of human trafficking cases may influence the decision to pursue charges from the outset of a court case. https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/en/daily-quotidien/200623/dq200623b-eng.pdf?st=HmJC1Imu / De nombreux incidents identifiés comme traite d'êtres humains par la police ne sont pas traités comme tels devant les tribunaux. D'autres recherches canadiennes suggèrent que les accusations de traite de personnes peuvent ne pas être poursuivies en tant que telles une fois qu'elles sont portées devant les tribunaux. Les affaires pénales liées à la traite de personnes, en moyenne, impliquaient plus d'accusations, prenaient plus de temps à être traitées et étaient moins susceptibles d'aboutir à une décision de culpabilité par rapport aux affaires pénales pour d'autres infractions violentes. La complexité accrue et la moindre probabilité de succès des poursuites dans les affaires de traite des êtres humains peuvent influencer la décision de porter des accusations dès le début d'un procès. https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/en/daily-quotidien/200623/dq200623b-fra.pdf?st=HmJC1Imu
NNDSS - TABLE 1KK. Vancomycin-intermediate Staphylococcus aureus to Varicella morbidity
NNDSS - TABLE 1KK. Vancomycin-intermediate Staphylococcus aureus to Varicella morbidity – 2020.  In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
CJFJC - F&F
Friends and family of survivors are provided resources and have the ability to talk with an advocate to learn ways to support their loved one
Estado de Producción de Leche en Sucre
Estadísticas descriptivas de producción de leche en el departamento de Sucre 2016 - 2018
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACION
Registro de Activos de Información Universidad Militar Nueva Granada
Urban Farms
The location of select urban farms throughout Chicago.
Convenios y contratos por prestación de servicios INDERSUCRE primer semestre 2019
A continuación se adjuntan todos los contratos por prestación de servicios que han sido objeto de ejecución durante el primer semestre de 2019 en el INDERSUCRE
2019-20 Demographic Snapshot - Borough
Student demographic and enrollment data by borough from 2015-16 through 2019-20. Enrollment counts are based on the October 31st Audited Register for each school year.
Code Enforcement Monthly Volume by Type
This dataset shows the number of Code Enforcement service requests opened and closed each month, as well as the number of outstanding requests at the end of each month. Code enforcement types are represented as columns.
Bancos teléfonos horarios municipio de El Rosal Cundinamarca
Bancos entidades bancarias teléfonos horarios municipio de El Rosal Cundinamarca
Fleet Preventative Maintenance & Repair Work Orders
Data Description: This dataset contains all information on work orders completed for assets from January 2008 to present. This includes but it not limited to type of work completed, date stamps of all repair and maintenance milestones, all costs associated with the work order, amount of labor completed and where the work orders were completed.  Data Creation: Data is recorded for all maintenance and repairs of the City’s vehicle fleet  Data Created By: Fleet Services Division of the Public Services Department  Refresh Frequency: Daily  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Formación académica administrativos 2019-1
Formación académica de los funcionarios administrativos
HOME-STAT Weekly Dashboard
Incremental data for Weekly Canvassing Observations
Quality of Parenting Programs and Child Development Outcomes
This dataset contains information on Programa Nacional Cuna Más (Cuna Mas, hereinafter), Peru’s largest early childhood development program established in 2012. It focuses on one of the two services provided by Cuna Mas known as Servicio de Acompañamiento a Familias (SAF), a home visiting program that operates in rural areas and provides one-hour weekly home visits to children aged 0-36 months and their caregiver.
Countywide Percent Change in Property Value by Land Use Subcategory 2019-2020
This dataset outlines the countywide percent changes in median Estimated Market Values, Aggregate Estimated Market Values, and Parcel Counts by Land Use Subcategory from 2019 to 2020.
Linked Station Neighbors
This file that is a subset of the Linked-Station Set file. This file specifies, for each U.S. or impeding Canadian station part of a linked station set, the set of stations in their linked-station set with which they need to coordinate.  Stations with which the transitioning station must coordinate are upstream neighbors (the transitioning station’s post-auction channel interferes with the upstream neighbors’ pre-auction channel); stations that must coordinate with the transitioning station are downstream neighbors (the transitioning station’s pre-auction channel interferes with the downstream neighbors’ post-auction channel). •	Contains two records for each U.S. and impeding Canadian station that is in a linked-station set, one record listing its upstream neighbors and another record listing its downstream neighbors
2020 State Employee Pay as of July 13, 2020
2020 State Employee Pay as of July 13, 2020
SHIP Sudden Unexpected Infant Death Rate (SUIDs) 2009-2017
Sudden Unexpected Infant Death Rate - This indicator shows the rate of sudden unexpected infant deaths (SUIDs) per 1,000 live births. Sudden unexpected infant deaths (SUIDs) include deaths from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS), unknown cause, accidental suffocation and strangulation in bed. Three hundred and sixty-two babies died from SUIDs in Maryland from 2005-2009.
2015-16 Health Education HS Data - City Council District
Local Law 14 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide health education data, disaggregated by community school district, city council district ad each individual school.  Reports city council district level data on the number of students that received a semester (one credit) of health instruction, as well as the number of June & August graduates meeting the HS health requirements for the 2015-16 school year.  Note students are not required to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in high school, only prior to graduating.  Values less than 100% do not necessarily imply that students graduated without meeting credit requirements. These values may indicate missing or incomplete historical transcript data.
Salaries: ESD: Lane: FY 2013
Summary of salaries for Lane ESD for Fiscal Year 2013.
Vital Signs: Vulnerability To Sea Level Rise - Tracts Shapefile
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Vulnerability to Sea Level Rise (EN11) FULL MEASURE NAME Share of population living in zones at risk from various sea level rise forecast scenarios LAST UPDATED July 2017 DESCRIPTION Vulnerability to sea level rise refers to the share of the historical and current Bay Area population located in areas at risk from forecasted sea level rise over the coming decades. Given that there are varying forecasts for the heightened high tides (i.e., mean highest high water mark), projected sea level impacts are presented for six scenarios ranging from a one foot rise to six feet. A neighborhood is considered vulnerable to sea level rise when at least 10 percent of its land area is forecasted to be inundated by peak high tides in the coming years. The dataset includes at-risk population and population share data for the region, counties, and neighborhoods. DATA SOURCE San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission/Metropolitan Transportation Commission ART (Adaption to Rising Tides) Bay Area Sea Level Rise Analysis and Mapping Project (2017) 2017 Sea Level Rise Maps http://www.adaptingtorisingtides.org/project/regional-sea-level-rise-mapping-and-shoreline-analysis/ CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Projected areas of inundation were developed by BCDC and NOAA at one-foot intervals ranging from one foot to four feet of sea level rise. Regional and local sea level rise analysis is based on data from BCDC’s ART (Adapting to Rising Tides) Bay Area Sea Level Rise and Mapping Project. This data reflects the most up-to-date and detailed sea level rise mapping for the Bay Area. Sea level rise analysis for metro areas is based on national sea level rise mapping from NOAA, which is best for metro-to-metro comparison. To determine the impacts on historical and current populations, inundation areas were overlaid on a U.S. Census shapefile of 2010 Census tracts using Census Bureau population data. Because census tracts can extend beyond the coastline, the baseline scenario of zero feet was used to determine existing sea level coverage of census tracts. Sea level rise refers to the change from this level. The area of the tract was determined by measuring the component of the tract area not currently under water. This area, rather than the total tract area, was used as the denominator to determine the percentage of the census tract that is inundated under future sea level rise projection scenarios. When at least 10 percent of tract land area is inundated with a given sea level, its residents are considered to be affected by sea level rise. For the purpose of this analysis, SLR scenarios were assumed not to reflect periodic inundation due to extreme weather events, which may lead to an even greater share of residents affected on a less frequent basis. Prior to the impacts from sea level rise, neighborhoods will experience temporary flooding from extreme weather events which can create significant damage to homes and neighborhoods. It should be noted that by directly reviewing maps and tools through the ART (Adapting to Rising Tides) program, regular inundation sea level rise and temporary flooding from extreme weather events are both available. More information on this approach is available here: http://www.adaptingtorisingtides.org/project/regional-sea-level-rise-mapping-and-shoreline-analysis/ Sea level rise analysis for metro areas reflects local, as opposed to global, sea level rise. Recent data has shown sea level is rising faster in the southeast region of the United States. Regional differences in the rate of sea level rise. More information and data related to the rate of sea level rise for different coastal regions is available here: https://oceanservice.noaa.gov/facts/sealevel-global-local.html
Seattle Center Utility Use Details 2013 - 2015
This dataset provides total monthly utility consumption off all non-tenant occupied facilities at Seattle Center. This includes KeyArena, McCaw Hall, Armory, Campus Grounds, Garages, and other small facilities.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS101
Driver Feedback Sign DFS101  Latitude: 53.54221 Longitude: -113.57468  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
SUSPENSIONES
ENERO 2020
Rate of Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome per 1,000 Newborn Stays by County of Residence FYs 2016-2017 Health Care Cost Containment Council (PHC4)
Countywide counts of newborn hospital stays with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS) and countywide rates of newborn hospital stays with (NAS) per 1,000 newborn stays.  Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome, or neonatal drug withdrawal, is an array of problems that develops shortly after birth in newborns who were exposed to addictive drugs, most often opioids, while in the mother’s womb. Withdrawal signs develop because these newborns are no longer exposed to the drug for which they have become physically dependent. This analysis is restricted to newborns with Pennsylvania-state residence who were hospitalized in Pennsylvania hospitals.  Disclaimer: Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council (PHC4) database contains statewide hospital discharge data submitted to PHC4 by Pennsylvania hospitals.  Every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information obtained from the Uniform Claims and Billing Form (UB-82/92/04) data elements. Computer collection edits and validation edits provide opportunity to correct specific errors that may have occurred prior to, during or after submission of data.  The ultimate responsibility for data accuracy lies with individual providers. PHC4 agents and staff make no representation, guarantee, or warranty, expressed or implied that the data received from the hospitals are error-free, or that the use of this data will prevent differences of opinion or disputes with those who use published reports or purchased data.  PHC4 will bear no responsibility or liability for the results or consequences of its use.
ESTADÍSTICAS DE LOS BENEFICIOS DE INSERCIÓN ECONÓMICA A LOS QUE HA ACCEDIDO LA POBLACIÓN QUE INGRESÓ AL PROCESO DE REINTEGRACIÓN
Información nacional y regional del total de Beneficios de Inserción Económica (BIE) desembolsados a la fecha de corte de la información y al número de personas beneficiadas. Se debe tener en cuenta que los BIE pueden ser unipersonales o asociativos. El acceso al BIE está reglamentado en los artículos 19 y 20 de la resolución 0754 de 2013 modificada por la resolución 1356 de 2016.
Pennsylvania County Boundaries Spatial Data Current Transportation
Pennsylvania county spatial data for use in showing county boundary lines in mapping visualizations. County boundaries within Pennsylvania as delineated for the PennDOT Type 10 general highway map. Originator:Pennsylvania Department of Transportation, Bureau of Planning and Research, Cartographic Information Division Publication_Date:202008 Title: PennDOT - Pennsylvania County Boundaries Geospatial_Data_Presentation_Form:vector digital data Publication_Information: Publication_Place:Harrisburg, PA Publisher:Pennsylvania Department of Transportation  Use_Constraints: The user shall indemnify, save harmless, and, if requested, defend the COMMONWEALTH, their officers, agents, and employees from and against any suits, claims, or actions for injury, death, or property damage arising out of the use of or any defect in the FILES or any accompanying documentation.  The COMMONWEALTH excludes any and all implied warranties, including warranties or merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The COMMONWEALTH makes no warranty or representation, either express or implied, with respect to the FILES or accompanying documentation, including its quality, performance, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. The FILES and documentation are provided "as is" and the USER assumes the entire risk as to its quality and performance.  The COMMONWEALTH will not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the FILES or any accompanying documentation.  The USER is granted permission to translate and add value to the FILES for the use of the FILES on its computer hardware; provided, however, that the USER annually notify the COMMONWEALTH of any customizing or value-adding work done.  Any customized or value added versions of the files will contain the following disclaimer:  THIS IS NOT A PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION APPROVED FILE. THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION RETAINS THE MASTER FILES.  THE USER AGREES AND UNDERSTANDS THAT IT MAY NOT FURTHER DISTRIBUTE THE FILES TO A THIRD PARTY.
2015-2016 Local Law 14 Health Data - MS District
Local Law 14 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide Health Education data, disaggregated by community school district, city council district, and each individual school. Data reported in this report is from the 2015-16 school year.This report provides information about the number and percent of students receiving one semester of health education as defined in Local Law 14 as reported through the 2015-2016 STARS database.
Seniors Service Providers
SSA Seniors Service Providers
Goodwill Bin Locations in Providence
The City of Providence has partnered with Goodwill to place their collection bins around the city as a way to divert textiles from recycling, and to collect clothing donations.
FY2018 F65 City
F-65 Data Summary Cities 2018
Budget Billing
Budget Billing is available to customers who prefer to avoid significant fluctuations in their monthly utility bills. With this program, Austin Energy takes an average of a customer's previous 12 months worth of utility bills to calculate an average utility bill payment. With Budget Billing, accounts are reviewed and adjusted every six months.     The averages reflect all City of Austin utilities including electric, water, wastewater, solid waste, transportation and drainage fees.     October 2017:  Budget billing data for the period October 2011 through September 2013 revises previously published data.  The revision reflects increased maturity and stability of our reporting system.
Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in Segamil and Paisano in Guatemala--Household Description Data
This dataset describes the households and their members surveyed as part of the Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in  in Segamil and Paisano in Guatemala.  It has 36 columns and 37,454 rows.  In fiscal year 2012, USAID's Office of Food for Peace (FFP) awarded funding to private voluntary organizations (PVOs) to design and implement a multi-year Title II development food assistance program in Guatemala.  The main purpose of the Title II program is to improve long-term food security of chronically food insecure populations in the target regions.  FFP contracted a firm, ICF International, to conduct a baseline study in targeted areas of the country prior to the start of the new program.  The purpose of the study was to assess the current status of key indicators, have a better understanding of prevailing conditions and perceptions of the population in the implementation areas, and serve as a point of comparison for future final evaluations.  The results were also used to further refine program targeting and, where possible, to improve the understanding of the relationship between variables to inform program design.  The study was conducted in 2013, while FFP expects to conduct final evaluations as close as possible to the end of the program five years later.  The data asset is comprised of six datasets: Agricultural Practices, Child Health, Household Description, Maternal Health and Household Sanitation, Food Consumption and the sample weights to be applied during analysis.
7th Ward Alderman Applicants - 2013
Applicants to the 7th Ward Alderman vacancy in 2013 with links to applications.
New York State Enacted Budget Capital Appropriations: 2015-2016
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the 2015-16 Enacted Budget.
Floor space by block by CLUE industry
Data collected as part of the City of Melbourne's Census of Land Use and Employment (CLUE). The data covers the period 2002-2019. It shows floor space (in square meters) per city (CLUE) block, classified by their CLUE industry (from ANZSIC1) and small area allocation.   The City of Melbourne creates unique codes to account for floor space allocated to residential space, vacant space, open space and common area. These unique codes are not included within ANZSIC 1 classification and therefore these floor areas are not included in this data set.  This data set has been confidentialised to protect the commercially sensitive information of individual businesses. Data in cells which pertain to two or fewer businesses have been suppressed and are shown as a blank cell. The row and column totals refer to the true total, including those suppressed cells.  Non-confidentialised data may be made available subject to a data supply agreement. For more information contact clue@melbourne.vic.gov.au  For CLUE block spatial files see https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Census-of-Land-Use-and-Employment-Blocks/aia8-ryiq  For more information about CLUE see http://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/clue  For more information about the ANZSIC industry classification system see http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/1292.0
2016 Number of ACO Assigned Beneficiaries by County PUF
Assigned beneficiary person-year counts are based on certified ACO Participant Lists for the performance year (PY) associated with the file year (e.g. PY 2014, PY 2015, PY2016) and based on the assignment methodology and definition of dual eligible beneficiaries in effect for that performance year.
Cost Burden By Income Group LA County 2014
2014 PUMS based analysis with HUD Income Level and DLI prepared by CHPC.
Public Right Of Way Permits
Data for all Public Right of Way Permit applications, including status and work performed.  Update Frequency:  Daily
Report Card Teacher Qualification Grade Level
This file includes Report Card information on teacher qualifications by student grade level for the 2017-18 and 2018-19 school years. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level. Teacher qualifications include inexperienced, experienced, limited-certificated, fully-certificated, out-of-field, and in-field statuses. Please review the notes below for more information.
DRUGS ARRESTS SLC 2013
DRUGS ARRESTS SLC 2013
Calgary.ca Web Analytics Past 30 Days
The top 250 City of Calgary web pages based on visits over the past 30 days.
Esquema de Publicación de Información ICFES 2020
Esquema de Publicación de Información para el año 2020 del Instituto Colombiano para la Evaluación de la Educación.
Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Pauna
Información general  de las Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Pauna,  Contiene también  información de las Sedes.
Best Starts for Kids Funding Award Database
Best Starts for Kids provides funding to community organizations, non-profits, schools and school districts, tribes and tribal organizations, and public or governmental agencies serving communities in King County. We consider our funding recipients as partners working together to achieve health and well-being for children, youth, families and communities. See where we're investing.
2016 - 2017 Computer Science Report
New York City Department of Education 2016 - 2017 Computer Science Report , Local Law 177 enacted in 2016 requires the Department of Education of the New York City School District to submit to the Council an annual report concerning computer science education for the prior school year.      This report provides information about the number of computer science programs offered and the number of students enrolled in those programs as defined in Local Law 177 as reported through the 2016-2017 STARS database. It is important to note that schools self-report their computer science course information in STARS. This report also includes information regarding the number and ratio of certified STEM instructors, the department's STEM Institute, the nature of the district's computer science initiatives and the total available bandwidth in each school.
2006-2012 Math Test Results - Citywide - Gender
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of math for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by gender.
Moose Harvest Hunt Utah 2010
Moose Harvest Hunt Utah 2010
Physician Compare Clinician Utilization Data
This is the second set utilization data for clinicians publicly reported through Physician Compare. This is a subset of the 2016 Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) codes. This dataset was updated on August 1, 2019.
Rate Of Reported Exposures To Fungicides Per 100,000 People All States
Rate Of Reported Exposures To Fungicides Per 100,000 People All States
Asthma Crude Prevalence
Asthma prevalence in Nova Scotia. Includes the following data fields: Year, Management Zone, Sex, Age Group, Population, Asthma Prevalence Count, Crude Prevalence Rate %
Feed the Future Policy Matrices 2015 Data
These data contain the specific agricultural and food policy commitments for each Feed the Future country and the five regions progress up to 2015. The policy areas covered are:     Nutrition policy   Markets and trade   Land   Institutional architecture for improved policy formula   Agricultural inputs   Risk and resilience   Enabling environment for private sector performance    There are 4 variables and 362 observations measuring the policy area and the progress up to 2015.
Seton Medical Center Expenditures
Total expenditures on State-mandated seismic improvements at Seton Medical Center, total expenditures on the Strategic Plan for Seton Medical Center, number of sub-acute and long term care beds available to Medi-Cal patients at Seton Medical Center.
Victim Services Offices
This dataset lists the location of Department of Justice victim services offices throughout the province.
Barge Volumes by Commodity Category in Ton-Miles
This dataset contains the annual volumes of major commodities transported by barge, measured in ton-miles. The data is from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' Waterborne Commerce Statistics.
FHV Base Aggregate Report - Historical
Monthly report including weekly total dispatched trips and unique dispatched vehicles by base tabulated from FHV Trip Record submissions made by bases. For the currentl list, please refer to <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/d/2v9c-2k7f">this dataset</a>
Service Providers
List of service providers and community organizations addressing homelessness in Colorado Springs.  For more information, please visit https://coloradosprings.gov/homeless-prevention-and-response-0
2014 Election - Early Voting Centers
2014 early voting locations in Montgomery County as selected October 21, 2013, subject to approval by the Maryland State Board of Elections. For more information, see www.777vote.org.
Parking Violations Issued - Fiscal Year 2017
Parking Violations Issuance datasets contain violations issued during the respective fiscal year. The Issuance datasets are not updated to reflect violation status, the information only represents the violation(s) at the time they are issued. Since appearing on an issuance dataset, a violation may have been paid, dismissed via a hearing, statutorily expired, or had other changes to its status. To see the current status of outstanding parking violations, please look at the Open Parking & Camera Violations dataset.</p>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2020 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2020/pvqr-7yc4">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2019 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2019/faiq-9dfq">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2018 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2018/a5td-mswe">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2017 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2017/2bnn-yakx">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2016 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2016/kiv2-tbus">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2015 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2015/c284-tqph">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2014 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2014/jt7v-77mi">here</a>
2016 Building Energy Benchmarking
Seattle’s Building Energy Benchmarking and Reporting Program (SMC 22.920) requires owners of non-residential and multifamily buildings (20,000 square feet or larger) to track energy performance and annually report to the City of Seattle. Buildings account for 33% of Seattle's core emissions. The benchmarking policy supports Seattle's goals to reduce energy use and greenhouse gas emissions from existing buildings. In 2013, the City of Seattle adopted a Climate Action Plan to achieve zero net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050. Annual benchmarking, reporting and disclosing of building performance are foundational elements of creating more market value for energy efficiency. Per Ordinance (125000), starting with 2015 energy use performance reporting, the City of Seattle will make the data for all building 20,000 SF and larger available annually. This update to the benchmarking mandate was passed by Seattle City Council on February 29, 2016.  If you have questions or comments on the data, email us at energybenchmarking@seattle.gov and include Open Data in the subject line.
Bulk Vessel Fleet Size
Bulk vessel size and capacity in million deadweight tonnages. This data contains bulk vessel fleet in numbers and deadweight tons capacity, per year and by type of vessels.
Universal Solicitation for Broadband Asset List
List of existing city assets for the Universal Solicitation of Broadand (USB).
ESTABLECIMIENTOS AUTORIZADOS PARA EL ALMACENAMIENTO Y DISTRIBUCIÓN DE MEDICAMENTOS
Listado de establecimientos farmacéuticos autorizados para el almacenamiento y distribución de medicamentos en el departamento de Norte de Santander (Corte a 30 de Junio de 2020)
SEGUNDO SEGUIMIENTO A DENUNCIAS  2017
SEGUIMIENTO AL TRAMITE DE DENUNCIAS - SEGUNDO INFORME 2017 REALIZADOS POR LA CONTRALORÍA GENERAL DEL CAUCA
[ARCHIVED] Aquaculture Employment 2006-2011
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table provides aquaculture employment.  Full time vs part time employment.  Finfish vs shellfish.  Geographies available: Counties
Mandamientos Pago Multas Transito 2010.xls
Mandamiento de pago de acuerdo a los Arts. 563 y s.s del estatuto Tributario Nacional dentro del proceso de cobro coactivo administrativo iniciado a las personas que aparecen en la lista que a continuación se publica
QAC Operating Revenue Budget FY2017
Original Revenue Budget - May 17, 2016
Speed Limits
This dataset lists the maximum speed limits throughout Calgary. It does not list the default residential speed limit of 50 km/hr. This dataset is used for identification and is not considered an official record of speed limits for any given time. It is not used for enforcement purposes.
Bronx Zip Population and  Density
2010 Census Data on population, pop density, age and ethnicity per zip code
Obesity & Physical Activity Dubuque
Percentage of overweight and physically inactive adults (older than 20y/o) in Dubuque County.
Secretaría de Tránsito y Transporte de Armenia - Licencias de Transporte
La Secretaria de Transito Genera Reporte a la Fecha de las Solicitudes recibidas.
Birnin Kebbi Market Grain Prices
Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics in Abuja, Nigeria on monthly prices for select markets in Kebbi State, Nigeria for January 2000 to December 2016.
DIRECTORIO INSTITUCIONAL ALCALDÍA CALAMAR, GUAVIARE
Información de contacto electrónico y telefónico institucional de las diferentes Dependencias y Unidades de la Alcaldía Municipal de Calamar, Guaviare.
MORBILIDAD HOSPITALIZACIÓN AÑO 2018
Principales causas de Hospitalización año 2018 por IPS
Climate Smart Communities List of Participating Local Governments
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) tracks the participation of local governments in the state’s Climate Smart Communities (CSC) Program. The dataset lists the CSC status of participating communities (Registered or Certified) and the date associated with that status, as well as the location of the community by county and region. DEC is one of six state agencies that sponsor the CSC Program. For a more up-to-date list of participating communities, please visit https://climatesmart.ny.gov/
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a FEBRERO de 2014
Reportes Financieros con corte a 28 de Febrero de 2014 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Daily Public Transport Passenger Journeys By Passenger Group
This dataset contains daily Public Transport Patronage in types of passengers including adults, school students, tertiary, concession, and other. Paper tickets purchased from Ticket Vending Machines are not included.  Note: Due to delays in data processing, the final number may take up to three days to accurately report on all passenger journeys.
pln_rx_cst_shr_data [impl]
Plan Finder dataset pln_rx_cst_shr_data [impl], released on 2020-10-21.
Vital Signs: Street Pavement Condition - by County (Updated August 2018)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Street Pavement Condition (T16)  FULL MEASURE NAME Pavement condition index (PCI)  LAST UPDATED August 2018  DESCRIPTION Street pavement condition, more commonly referred to as the pavement condition index (PCI), reflects the quality of pavement on local streets and roads in the region. Calculated using a three-year moving average, PCI ranges from zero (failed) to 100 (brand-new) and has been used as a regional indicator of pavement preservation for over a decade.  DATA SOURCE Metropolitan Transportation Commission: StreetSaver  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Pavement condition index (PCI) relies upon a three-year moving average for regional, county, and city PCI to improve the reliability of the PCI data on an annual basis. The index ranges from 0 to 100, with 0 representing a failed road and 100 representing a brand-new facility. Segment PCI data is collected on a rolling basis but is imputed for interim years based on facility age and treatments using the MTC StreetSaver system. Due to the lack of reported PCI data in 2007, the city of Palo Alto is not included in the Regional Distribution chart.
Development Permits
List of development permits from the City of Edmonton - Urban Form and Corporate Strategic Development Department.     Development permits approve the use of a site, as well as the size and location of any buildings or structures. It is written approval from the City that development plans meet the Edmonton Zoning Bylaw regulations. An approved development permit is required before application for a building permit to construct the building or structure, or to apply for a business licence.    Some permits are combination permits. They combine both a development permit and a building permit in one application. This data set only represents the outcome of the development permit application. Building permit data is available through the General Building Permits dataset.    Additional information to help understand more about Development Permits:    Development Permits -   www.edmonton.ca/developmentpermits    What is Zoning? brochure which offers a basic explanation of what zoning is, and how it shapes neighbourhoods and the city -   https://www.edmonton.ca/documents/What_is_Zoning_Final.pdf    Edmonton’s Zoning Bylaw 12800 -  www.edmonton.ca/zoningbylaw    How to Respond to a Land Development Application -   https://www.cityofedmontoninfill.ca/public/download/documents/34672
Seattle Parks and Recreation Parks Features
Listing of all park features by park.  EX: if a park has multiple tennis courts each of them is included.    PMAID is our Property Management Area ID. It is used by the City of Seattle to reference a group of adjoined land parcels into a larger area such as a park. This coding works well for Parks because most parks consist of multiple parcels. This number is assigned by the city. Other cities likely use a similar identifier, but not the same method as Seattle.
PERSONERIA MUNICIPAL DE ITAGUI - ESTADISTICAS DE PQRDS - ENERO A JUNIO DE 2019
Estadísticas de los tipos y cantidades de PQRDS de la Personería Municipal de Itagüí entre  enero y junio de 2019
Austin's Small Scale Green Infrastructure
A rain garden is a low area that absorbs and filters rain water runoff that comes from roofs, sidewalks, and driveways. Rain runs off the hard surfaces, collects in the shallow depression, and slowly soaks into the soil.  They are usually planted with colorful native plants and grasses. Every little bit helps to conserve water.  Currently we are tracking rain garden bioswale, cistern, and green roofs.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS142
Driver Feedback Sign DFS142    Latitude: 53.55709  Longitude: -113.52142    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Primary Points for Iowa Counties
This dataset contains the primary points for Iowa Counties.  Primary points are generally at or near the geographic center of the county.
Feb 2018 Election, Precinct Level Results
Final King County precinct-level results for February 13, 2018 special election.
Basis Master Data Management
This list identifies data that has been collected for the Bay Area Spatial Information System platform. These datasets support MTC's Analytical Services and Long range Planning efforts and drive decision making and policy development across the agency. The data is managed by the Data & Visualization Team, with assistance from key staff that have been identified as Data Stewards in various units across the agency. Data is stored and managed within MTC's Enterprise Data Lake, and disseminated through the Socrata Connected Government Cloud as a Service (DaaS).
Monthly Recycling and Waste Collection Statistics
This dataset is a monthly breakdown of the amount of tonnage diverted from the landfill in the City of Buffalo. Garbage tonnage totals are included for comparison. Materials are diverted from landfills in different ways, including curbside recycling, electronics recycling, hazardous waste disposal, tire recycling, scrap metal recycling, yard waste recycling, and asphalt and sidewalk debris diversion.
EJECUCIÓN PRESUPUESTAL DE GASTOS 2019
Ejecución Presupuestal de Gastos Periodo 01/01/2019 a 4/08/2019
CorStat - Total Education/Health Jobs
Total number of education/health jobs that reside in Corona, CA. Data provided by a report from the City of Corona Economic Development team. <br>  <b>Update Frequency:</b> Yearly<br>  <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
SF Development Pipeline 2015 Q1
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly.
Capital Commitment Plan
This dataset contains capital commitment plan data by project type, budget line and source of funds.  The dollar values are in thousands.  The dataset is updated three times per year in Preliminary, Executive and Adopted Budget to match commitment numbers in the Capital Commitment Plan publication.
Personal Income in Colorado
Income (per capita or total) for each county by year with rank and population. From Colorado Department of Labor and Employment (CDLE), since 1969.
2012 Budget Consultation Survey -  Household Spending
This portion of the survey, identifies roughly how much the respondent's household monthly spending goes to the different areas:    0.	Groceries   1.	Housing costs   2.	Utilities, TV, phone   3.	Municipal Property taxes   4.	Income taxes   5.	Leisure activities   6.	Personal insurance and pension   7.	Clothing   8.	Transportation      NOTE:   D1 to B11 - Demographic information.   B5_0 to B5_8 - Various Household spending (Percent)      -  SURVEY at http://www.edmonton.ca/budgetconsultation
Bronx Intersection Accidents July 2012
bronx accidents at intersections as reported by the NYPD. Vehicle type involvement data has been parsed for visualization use
Veterans Health Administration 2008 Hospital Report Card - Availability of Services
<p>Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset defines the scope of services provided at a facility.</p>
USAID Construction Assessment, Subawards: Section 5
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the fifth spreadsheet of thirteenin the USAID Construction Assessment, Subawards.
EMS - Quarterly OMD Clinical Performance Indicators
This table contains data related to Clinical Performance Indicators (CPIs) used by the City of Austin/Travis County EMS System Office of the Medical Director (OMD).  More information on CPIs can be found at http://www.austintexas.gov/page/performance-improvement.
Cost per client receiving Vocational Rehabilitation services
Cost per client receiving Vocational Rehabilitation services. Human Services Agency performance measure 7330P ID 552.
MATRICULADOS TOTALES POR METODOLOGÍA 2018-2
Matriculados totales identificados por las metodologías ofrecidas por la Universidad del Quindio
NZRS Consumer Perception Research
Data relating to how New Zealand consumers use of the internet collected by Colmar Brunton on behalf of .nz in 2013, 2014 and 2015. Due to the addition, alteration and deletion of questions over the years, some questions will not have a response from every given year.
Daily Nitrogen Dioxide Emissions Utah 2012
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Nitrogen Dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
CMS Innovation Advisors
Individuals chosen by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services as participants in the Innovation Advisors Program. More info at http://innovation.cms.gov/initiatives/Innovation-Advisors-Program/.
Public Housing Units - Nova Scotia Seniors
This program provides affordable rental housing to seniors (age 58 and older) with low incomes. Rent is determined by your annual income.
EDA - Percentage of sub-state jurisdiction members actively participating in the Economic Development District program
Economic Development Districts (EDDs) generally consist of three or more counties that are considered member jurisdictions. Sub-state jurisdiction participation indicates the District’s responsiveness to the area it serves and shows that the services it provides are of value. Active participation was defined as either attendance at meetings or financial support of the EDD during the reporting period. Sub-state jurisdiction members are independent units of government (cities, towns, villages, counties, etc.) and eligible entities substantially associated with economic development, as set forth by the District’s by laws or alternate enabling document.
January 2018 General Fund Summary Listing
As of January 31, 2018, the General Fund is reporting a net surplus of $1,870,114. The  General Fund balance is $16,512,558 with a cash balance of $8,905,448. The attached  supplemental charts show the General Fund Revenues at 8.3% of budget and  expenses lower at 6.7%. Expenses are low because there were only 1.5 payrolls  charged in January, which balances out by the end of the year.
Áreas Licenciadas Infraestructura
Capa de información espacial que contiene los polígonos de las áreas licenciadas para los proyectos en el sector de Infraestructura. Contiene información como el nombre de la empresa solicitante o titular de la licencia, el nombre del proyecto objeto de licenciamiento o licenciado, el número de la resolución o acto administrativo establecido por la ANLA que otorga licencia o impone obligación y la fecha de la resolución o acto administrativo que otorga licencia o impone obligación.
Strategic Measure_Number of buildings, roadways, and properties with reduced flood risk due to City efforts
Strategic Direction 2023 (SD23) Measure HE.E.5.a reports the number and percentage of buildings, roadways, and properties whose exposure to high flooding risk have decreased due to City efforts. Flood risk can occur during rain events when creeks overflow their banks (creek flooding) or when the capacity of older storm drains and small channels is overwhelmed (local flooding). The Watershed Protection Department helps reduce flood risk through the implementation of structural solutions (e.g., detention ponds, low water crossing upgrades, floodwalls, flow diversion, storm drain improvements) and non-structural solutions (e.g., property acquisition or "buyouts" of properties with severe flood risk, permanent road closures).    View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/hnnn-h4zz
Inscripción De Prestadores RESP Servicios
Informe da validación de inscripción departamental Gobernacion del Huila
Servicios de Salud y Hospitalarios en el Municipio de Castilla La Nueva
Información de los servicios médicos, de salud y hospitalarios que se prestan en los diferentes centros de salud del Municipio de Castilla La Nueva.
GRUPO JUVENIL DE DANZA EL CUBARRO DE ORO
Listado base de integrantes del grupo juvenil de danza llanera Cubarro de Oro
Natural Gas Underground Storage Facilities Utah 2014
U.S. underground natural gas storage fields. County centroid are used for map location.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a ENERO de 2012
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Enero de 2012 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Índice de información pública reservada y clasificada
Dentro de los intrumentos de gestión de la información pública, estipulados por la ley de Transparencia y acceso a la información 1712 de 2014 EPM comparte como datos abiertos su índice de información pública reservada y clasificada vigente al año 2020.
Owner vs. Renter Occupied Housing, 2016
Owner vs. Renter Occupied Housing, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2503, DP04.
Instituciones Educativas de Caicedonia
Listado con las instituciones educativas del Municipio
Debt Reduction 8- Year Goal Overview
This is a high level overview of the City's 8-year debt reduction goal. The data includes the current debt and the future projected debt to be retired and new debt to be issued. It provides the annual decrease and the overall debt reduction.
P- Patch Plotholders
# of P-Patch community garden registered gardeners
City Wide Water and Sewer Main Replacement
This data set contains the miles of completed water main replacement that has occurred in past (and current) fiscal years. These operations are carried out by the Water Services Department.
IDB Agrimonitor - PSE Agricultural Policy Monitoring System (data)
Agrimonitor is the IDB Product Support Estimates (PSE) country-level database for Latin American and Caribbean countries. It enables policy makers and policy analysts to track agricultural policies and to assess and measure the composition of the support to agriculture. PSE indicators related to magnitudes and composition help to better describe and address the key challenges facing agriculture in the coming decade.
DSS Township Counts - by Assistance Type - CY 2019
DSS CY 2019 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2019, by township and assistance type. For privacy considerations, a count of zero is used for counts less than five. A recipient is counted in all townships where that recipient resided in that year.
Alcohol and Drug Abuse Prevention Services
Location of facilities participating in Alocohol and Drug Abuse Prevention and Awareness Services
OMISOS  CONTROL INTERNO CONTABLE GOBIERNO 2020-1
OMISOS  CONTROL INTERNO CONTABLE GOBIERNO
Operating Expenditures - Year to Date
Operating fund expenditures.
HR Workers Comp Paid
This dataset contains information regarding paid workers compensation claims at The City of Plano. Due to the nature of healthcare claims, this dataset has been modified to respect the identities of claimants.
Better Brakes - List of Manufacturers Reporting
Manufacturers are required to report certain information to Ecology by Chapter 70.285 RCW and Chapter 173-901 WAC.  This dataset contains a list of manufacturers that have meet these requirements.
CDC STATE System Tobacco Legislation - Tax
CDC STATE System Tobacco Legislation - Tax  Legislation  1995-2020. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System. Legislation-Tax. The STATE System houses current and historical state-level legislative data on tobacco use prevention and control policies. Data are reported on a quarterly basis. Data include state taxes on combustible (cigarettes, cigars, little cigars, pipe tobacco, and roll-your-own tobacco) tobacco products, non-combustible (snus, moist snuff, dry snuff, chewing tobacco) tobacco products, and tax stamps.
REGISTRO ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN  E.S.E HOSPITAL DEPARTAMENTAL DE VILLAVICENCIO 2019
Contiene Registro de Activos de Información de que trata el Literal j) del Artículo 11 y Artículo 13 de la Ley 1712 de 2014
Managed Care Health Plan Profile
The plan profile data contains information about managed care plans serving New York State residents including the number of current enrolling members and counties/regions of the state they currently serve. Customer service telephone numbers are included along with their website address. Also included are NCQA accreditation ratings. These are important things to consider when choosing a managed care plan. Data on the ratings of each plan can be found in the Managed Care Regional Consumer Guide located at, https://health.data.ny.gov/Health/Managed-Care-Regional-Consumer-Guide/44t3-4uep. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
CENSO OBJETO SOCIAL DIFERENTE A LA PRESTACIÓN DE SERVICIOS DE SALUD - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
CENSO DE PRESTADORES CON OBJETO SOCIAL DIFERENTE A LA PRESTACIÓN DE SERVICIOS DE SALUD, TUNJA  AÑO 2015 - Alcaldía de Tunja
2016 - 2017 Health Education Report
New York City Department of Education 2016 - 2017 Health Education Report. Local Law 14 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide Health Education data, disaggregated by community school district, city council district, and each individual school. Data reported in this report is from the 2016-17 school year. This report provides information about the number and percent of students scheduled for at least one semester of health education as defined in Local Law 14 as reported through the STARS database. It is important to note that schools self-report their scheduling information in STARS.
RECURRENCIA POR INFRACCIONES DE TRANSITO A SEPT-2019
RECURRENCIA POR INFRACCIONES DE TRANSITO A SEPT-2019
ACCD :: Discarded Materials – Fiscal Year 2018
This dataset shows the Convention Center recycling efforts during fiscal year 2018. Data includes fiscal year, quarter and month of collection, the category (Recycling or waste), sub-category (recycled material, reused material and material sent to the landfill) and the weight in pounds for each.
Agencias de Cooperación de Cali
NORAD - Agencia Noruega de Cooperación para el Desarrollo - es un organismo técnico dependiente del Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores.
Public Housing Physical Inspection Scores Utah 2011
Public Housing Physical Inspection Scores Utah 2011
Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Modules F-G, Hunger Scale and Women's Empowerment: Section 1
This dataset records the household hunger scale and the data used to calculate the women's empowerment in agriculture index from the first interim assessment of Feed the Future's population-based indicaors for the ZOI in Cambodia.  It has 1,019 rows and 1,552 columns.  The ZOI is the Pursat, Battambang, Kampong Thom, and Siem Reap Provinces.  The sampling design called for a two-stage cluster sample.  In the first stage, 84 villages were selected; in the second stage, households were selected within each sampled village. The sampling of villages was stratified by province, with the number of villages in each stratum proportional to the population in the stratum and with villages selected with probability proportional to size, based on the 2013 Commune Database.  The data is split into survey modules.  Modules A through C includes location information, informed consent, and the household roster.  Module D includes household characteristics.  Module E is the expenditures module broken up into 8 different parts.  Modules F and G include the hunger scale data and WEIA index data.  Data in modules H and I include mother and child dietary diversity. In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
Provider of Services File - OTHER - March 2019
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).   The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
Crime Arrests by Police District 2001-2016 in Colorado
Criminal arrests summarized by type of crime for police districts in Colorado from 2001 to 2016 from the Colorado Department of Public Safety (CDPS).
All Payer Inpatient Potentially Preventable Complication (PPC) Group Rates by Hospital (SPARCS): Beginning 2013
The dataset groups 65 individual Potentially Preventable Complication (PPC) measures into 8 different categories, providing observed and risk-adjusted rates for all payer discharges by hospital and statewide, beginning in 2013.     Potentially Preventable Complications (PPC), obtained from software created by 3M Health Information Systems, are defined as harmful events or negative outcomes that develop or occur during hospitalization and may result from processes of care and treatment rather than from natural progression of the underlying illness.     The PPCs were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of November 2017.</p>
Land Bank Data
Land Bank Data
Superservicios-Información PARR -Formato22
Información PARR - Formato22
Dataset Variables (LA)
Cross reference of dataset variables that have a denominator
Health_5510B_Covered California Enrollment_HCU3
number of San Mateo County residents in Covered CA
Puntos Críticos De Arrojo Clandestino Comuna 1 de Santiago de Cali
puntos criticos de arrojo clandestino : puntos reconocidos por  la comunidad  que arroja los residuos producidos por la misma.    estos son los puntos identificados de la comuna 1
2010 Hospital Service Categories
Table Details  Region: New York City  Source: Hospital Admissions/SPARCS (Detailed) (2010): NYS Dept. of Health  Category: NYC Residents, Any Hospital  Count: Persons  Columns: Service Category  Rows: Hospitals Citywide  The data satisfies these conditions:
Medicare Home Health Agency (HHA) Provider by HHRG Aggregate Report, CY 2015
The Home Health Agency PUF presents summarized information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries by home health agencies. It contains information on utilization, payment (Medicare payment and Medicare standardized payment), submitted charges, and demographic and chronic condition indicators organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Home Health Resource Group (HHRG), and state of service.
Diabetes death rate (per 100,000), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Age-adjusted death rate, number of deaths due to diabetes, per 100,000 population.    Definition:  Deaths with diabetes as the underlying cause of death (ICD-10 codes: E10-E14).       Data Sources:      (1)  Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    (2) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
Servicio De Transporte
Conjunto de datos que contiene la empresa de transporte que trabaja en el Municipio de Santa Isabel
NYCHA Application Priority Codes
Priority codes assigned to applicants by NYCHA
Fleet Services - Preventative Maintenance
Information about preventative maintenance performed by Fleet Services
Capacitaciones en distintas formaciones 2019 Municipio los Patios.
Capacitaciones en distintas formaciones, programa preparándonos para el empleo del segundo trimestre de año 2019.
Charitable Games Statistics
Charitable Games Statistics
Police Calls
The following data is from the St. Petersburg Police Department’s Computer-Aided Dispatch (CAD) system. Under Florida State Statute 119.071, victim information (i.e. addresses) associated with Sexual Battery, Sexual Offenses, Child Abuse, and Adult Abuse are considered confidential and exempt from public release. The data includes all officer responses to Priority 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7 and 9, calls for service.  These calls for service don’t necessarily result in official police reports under UCR (Uniform Crime Reporting) standards. The calls do not include the Forensic Technicians, Off Duty, Administrative or similarly classified calls.
Saravena Arauca Contratación Pública Por Tipos O Clases De Contrato Del Año 2012 - 2017
Información estadística Contratación del municipio de Saravena durante las vigencias 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 y 2017    Información recolectada de rendiciones de cuentas
Cooperativas de Pequeños Productores de Leche
Cooperativas de Pequeños Productores de Leche ubicadas en el sur del Departamento del Atlántico.
Directory Of Competitive Bid
This table displays currently advertised projects (type of work), estimated range ($) for project completion, bid date, time and projects description along with Project ID. It also provides link to plan holders information.
Lobbyist Data - Lobbyist, Employer, Client Combinations
Each unique combination of a lobbyist, his/her employer, and a client of that employer.  This dataset can be used to see relationships between these three entities.  Each has a separate dataset with more detailed information about each lobbyist, employer, or client. See http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/ethics/provdrs/lobby.html for more information on the Board of Ethics' role in regulating and reporting on lobbying in Chicago.
QUINDÍO. Número de ocupados según rama de actividad económica.
Numero de personas ocupadas por rama de actividad económica en el Departamento del Quindenio
Pharmacy Status
A list of pharmacies in Chicago and last known status (open or closed).
Datos demográficos de población Sisbenizada por sectores
Datos demográficos de población Sisbenizada por sectores del municipio de Los Patios
Acueductos exsistentes de la Alcaldia del Municipio de Aguazul
Informacion basica de los acueductos existentes en el Municipio de Aguazul
DOHMH CoveredNYC
This dataset contains the number of NYC subscribers by opt-in year, opt-in month, zip code, language, and  opt-in status to the CoveredNYC/SeguroNYC health insurance enrollment mobile texting campaign.  This texting campaign provides subscribers locations for enrollment and reminders to enroll for health insurance around Open Enrollment.  Subscribers can text “CoveredNYC” (English campaign) or “SeguroNYC” (Spanish campaign) to 877-877 to find the closest in-person assistance enrolling in health insurance near them.
EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT
Population 25 years and over  2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates  ACS Table: S1501    Data has to be manually populated because API is not built for this dataset.
District Attorney Trials
This dataset contains information on SFDA trial outcomes. More information on the trial process can be found here: https://sfdistrictattorney.org/trials  This dataset includes information on all jury trials except for a small selection of infrequent or inactive disposition codes, as well as those cases that have been sealed or expunged due to record clearance protocols
Directorio Prestadores Turisticos Municipio Villav
Directorio Prestadores Turisticos Municipio Villavieja Huila
Final Performance Evaluation of the USAID/Jamaica Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI), Household Perception Survey Data
Household perception survey data from Final Performance Evaluation of the USAID/Jamaica Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI)    The purpose of this evaluation of the Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI) is to determine whether the SEBI activity achieved its objectives and gain lessons for implementation of ongoing or future programs. The evaluation sought to identify: 1) implementation challenges, corrective actions to project management, and progress towards achieving expected results; 2) the factors that contributed to the success/failure of the different project components; 3) the effect of the activity on men and women; and 4) the extent to which SEBI contributed to the local social enterprise (SE) policy environment. The evaluation will serve to inform the United States Agency for International Development Jamaica Mission’s (USAID/Jamaica) Local Partner Development (LPD) program under the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative (CBSI) as well as the Social Enterprise Jamaica (SEJA), which is in the process of being registered as a non-governmental organization (NGO), with a view to continuing some of the work of SEBI once the project ends in December 2018. The exact nature of SEJA’s activities is unclear, although the Evaluation Team (ET) understands that the focus could primarily be on incubation services for SEs under the LPD program.    SEBI was initiated by the Jamaica National Foundation (JNF) and jointly funded by JNF and USAID. The rationale for USAID’s decision to support SEBI in Jamaica, implemented by (JNF), was based on several important factors at the time, namely: 1) low levels of business competitiveness and productivity; 2) a stagnant economy; 3) a high debt burden; and 4) high levels of crime in the country. The genesis of SEBI was in JNF’s observation that not-for-profit and other organizations operating in the social sector were struggling to deliver their core services mainly due to a reliance on grants and donations. The underlying goal therefore was to introduce the social enterprise model to these organizations so that they could start generating their own income and become less reliant on grants and donations. SEBI began in July 2012 and is due for completion at the end of December 2018, following three extensions agreed in Modifications 2, 3, and 5 in the Cooperative Agreement (CA).     The ET pursued three separate, yet interlinked, data collection activities that formed the basis of its methodological approach to conducting the SEBI evaluation as follows:  1.	Face-to-face meetings on site with SEBI’s incubator and accelerator beneficiary clients as well as representatives from key stakeholders,  including national and local government, the private sector, international community, civil society, NGOs, and business associations and agencies. In total, the ET met with 29 beneficiaries (20 incubators and 13 accelerators) and 30 stakeholders. Team members used semi-structured questionnaires to record answers for later comparative analysis and cross-reference purposes with findings from the other data collection methods, mentioned below.   2.	The ET hosted four focus group discussions (FGDs) in the parishes (Trelawny, St. James, Westmoreland and Manchester) and one in Kingston with selected groups of SEBI indirect beneficiaries. In total, 31 participants attended the FGDs, providing views and responses to questions which were noted for later cross-referencing with findings from the direct beneficiary and public awareness surveys.   3.	Two surveys were carried out by Market Research Services Limited (MRSL), based in Kingston, on behalf of the ET (see Annex 6 – Survey Reports for complete analysis of the findings from both surveys). Final Performance Evaluation of the USAID/Jamaica Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI)    The purpose of this evaluation of the Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI) is to determine whether the SEBI activity achieved its objectives and gain lessons for implemen
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of November 2017.</p>
Pavement Condition CSV Dataset 2004-2012
This dataset comes from the Deighton Total Infrastructure Management System (dTIMS) and has historical pavement data from 2004-2012. This section level data from the dTIMS sectioning table. This layer will be updated yearly as new condition data is gathered.
Timberland Regional Library Active Cardholders
This dataset reports on the number of active cardholders in the Timberland Regional Library District, a five-county rural library district serving Thurston, Lewis, Mason, Pacific, and Grays Harbor counties. It includes a count of cardholders by each library location and card profile type. Card profiles set library privileges for loan periods, limits on the number of items borrowed or requested, and access to digital materials, public computers, and other library resources.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of February 2019.</p>
Registro de activos de información - Contraloría Municipal de Montería
Inventario de activos de información de la Contraloría Municipal de Montería.
Atención a Jóvenes con necesidades especiales 2019
Atención a Jóvenes con necesidades especiales en programas de manos creativas, Pinceladas, Flexibilidad.
AFSC/ABL: Southeast Coastal Monitoring Survey (SECM)-juvenile salmon and associated epipelagic ichthyofauna in the marine waters of Southeast Alaska: Catch View
SECM research was initiated in the spring of 1997, just prior to the onset of a strong El Nio event, and has continued annually. SECM sampling occurs around Icy Strait (58N, 136W) in the northern region and have been sustained for 18 years. This is a principal migration corridor for salmon that transit dynamic tidal and oceanographic features to offshore waters as juveniles and return in subsequent years as adults. SECM researchers have compiled a multi-year time series of biophysical data associated with juvenile salmon culled from monthly sampling intervals in May, June, July, and August. Juvenile salmon and ecologically-related species are sampled with a surface trawl and associated oceanographic measurements are taken. This time series includes data on: Temperature and salinity profiles, Surface nutrients and chlorophyll, Zooplankton (upper 20-m and integrated), Size, abundance, and origin of salmon  Potential predators of juvenile salmon, Some of these biophysical data are being used to forecast pink salmon returns to Southeast Alaska and to evaluate recent trends in commercial salmon harvest and ocean survival within the region. These analyses also explore the impact of large-scale, climate-driven processes on salmon year-class strength.
Comercializadora De Productos  Reciclables Residuos Sólidos Recuperables 2017
Información estadística de la Comercializadora De Productos  Reciclables Residuos Sólidos Recuperables 2017
Fees and charges 2014-15
This is a list of all Fees and charges administered by the City of Melbourne. Where there is a change to or from $0 this reflects; a new facilities coming online or a new service offered, changes to the pricing structure as determined by the state government or a review of the existing pricing structure. Some fees and charges including GST status are subject to change following a review of Division 81 GST legislation.
Bronx Cool Roofs
rooftops that have had silver paint applied to create energy efficiency. These roofs have proven to lower air conditioning costs.
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada del Archipiélago
Matriz de Cumplimiento Ley 1712 de 2014, Decreto 103 de 2015 y Resolución MinTIC 3564 de 2015
Sandy HMFA Master Data
This is a report for all the relevant columns of HMFA - The Amount Obligated and Disbursed broken down by federal agency, program, applicant, project, county, and municipality.
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2004
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2004
Instituciones educativas del Municipio de Riofrío
Instituciones educativas oficiales y sus sedes del Municipio de Riofrío Valle
Percent Of Older Adults Ages 65-74 Who Do Not Engage In Leisure-time Physical Activity, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2011
Ratio: Estimated Percent of Population age 65 - 74    Definition: Adults aged 65-74 years who engage in no leisure-time physical activity    Data Source: NJBRFS, New Jersey Department of Health    **Physically Inactive questions are included in odd-numbered years
Transit Ridership/Capita
Corporate Outcome Measure: Transit Ridership (rides/capita) provides annual data for total transit rides/capita as reported in The Way Ahead Progress Report
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Household Cultivation of Key Crops
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
NUMERO DE ESTUDIANTES POR INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS DE LA JAGUA DE IBIRICO 2019
Información Histórica de estudiantes matriculados en las Instituciones Educativas del municipio de la jagua de ibirico
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 - Bike
This dataset represents all 311 Bike Share Service Requests beginning in 2017.
Monthly Entertainment Licenses
Monthly Entetainment applications.
Multi-Modal Intelligent Traffic Signal Systems GPS
Data were collected during the Multi-Modal Intelligent Transportation Signal Systems (MMITSS) study. MMITSS is a next-generation traffic signal system that seeks to provide a comprehensive traffic information framework to service all modes of transportation. The GPS data set catalogs the vehicle operation data of the test vehicles that used for the MMITSS field testing. The data contains the performance and operation details of vehicles. This file contains a number of fields detailing elements such as vehicle position and speed, fidelity measures of GPS-based data elements, and vehicle operation data.    NOTE: All extra attachments are located in Multi-Modal Intelligent Traffic Signal Systems Basic Safety Message
PUNTO (PVD) Y KIOSCOS (KVD) FASE 3 VIVE DIGITAL DEL MUNICIPIO DE BOLÍVAR VALLE
Listado de ubicación del Punto Vive Digital Y los Kioscos Vive digital del Municipio de Bolívar Valle
County Borders
Copy of Metro GIS' county dataset. Updated as of 7-2011.
Índice de Agua No Contabilizada IANC 2017
INFORME CON EL PORCENTAJE MENSUAL DE ÍNDICE DE AGUA NO CONTABILIZADA
USDA Certified Organic Growers
The following is a list Certified Organic Farmers in Connecticut. These farms have successfully passed an inspection from a USDA National Organic Program Accredited Inspection Agency.     For more information please visit the USDA National Organic Program website:  http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/nop
Short Term Rental Locations
The general neighborhood and zip code location of short term rentals (including type) across Austin, TX. Lots of citizens have expressed interest in maintaining privacy of their exact address for safety reasons. So, keeping safety in mind, we've remove the specific address, but have included the street name and zip code. For more information, concerned parties can pursue a public information request: public.information@austintexas.gov. FYI: your request will not be considered received unless it is sent to the proper address.
Community Board Info
Community board information including website, email, chairperson and district manager
Suicidios en Neiva Huila
Suicidios en Neiva Huila
Vital Signs: Ozone Concentrations – by sensor location (updated June 2017)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Ozone Concentrations (EN2)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Ozone concentrations (O3)    LAST UPDATED  June 2017    DESCRIPTION  Ozone concentrations refer to the quantity of ozone (O3) molecules in the air we breathe. In the Bay Area, ozone is measured by over a dozen monitoring stations that record hourly concentrations used to determine compliance with national standards. These hourly data are used to calculate eight-hour peak ozone levels for the fourth-worst day of the year, the most common indicator of ozone performance. This dataset includes regional and sensor-specific concentrations, as well as metropolitan area data.    DATA SOURCE  Bay Area Air Quality Management District  1970-2016  Air Quality Sensor Data  http://www.baaqmd.gov/about-air-quality/air-quality-summaries    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Data is collected at specific sensor sites operated by the Air District that capture the concentration of ozone in the air; sensor locations may change over the years and thus only minor relocations are shown as the same station in this analysis (e.g., sensor moved across the street from its prior location). Data are used to calculate the 8-hour peak concentration for ozone. The fourth-highest day of the year is identified and then reported as a three-year rolling average to minimize noise associated with any given year. These averaged are compared to the national air quality standard to determine compliance. The worst location site may shift from year to year depending on which sensor location had the highest levels of ozone over that particular time period.
Homeless Encampment 2017
Reports of Homeless Encampments for 2017
Dataset for Servicio de Cuidado Diurno Programa Nacional Cuna Más
This dataset contains information on Programa Nacional Cuna Más (Cuna Mas, hereinafter), Peru’s largest early childhood development program established in 2012. It focuses on one of the two services provided by Cuna Mas known as Servicio de Cuidado Diurno, a daycare service in marginalized urban areas that provides comprehensive care to children aged 6 to 36 months. Data were collected between November 2013 and January 2014 by the Inter-American Development Bank. The objective of the study was to estimate the association between caregiver quality and the development of very young children (6 to 24 months).
Health_5900P_% of Suspected Food_EHS2
Percent of Suspected Food-Borne Illness Complaints Responded to Within One Business Day
Refunds Paid by Location and Membership Group
Membership groups  •	Regular: Most IPERS members are Regular members, or those who are not working in a sheriff/deputy or protection occupation job.  •	Special service: A small minority of IPERS members are Special service members, or those who work as sheriffs/deputies or in a protection occupation (jailers, police and firefighters, and others in public safety positions).
District 202 Grade 12 Racial Breakdown
Number of students, categorized by race, in Grade 11 in District 202.
Use and Occupancy Certificates
This dataset contains data for Use and Occupancy Certificates including status and work performed.  A Use & Occupancy Certificate (U&O) is required before a building or space may be occupied. It is issued after the building or space has passed final inspections for building, electrical and mechanical and fire disciplines.  The purpose of this certificate is to document that the use is permitted, and that all applicable safety code and health code requirements have been met.  Each different use in a building must have a separate Use and Occupancy certificate. Update Frequency : Daily
Alameda County Resource Directory
Alameda County Resource Directory
Mesas Sectoriales SENA Base de Datos
Base de Datos con Distribución de las Mesas Sectoriales a Nivel Nacional
Solid Waste Management Facilities
Active Solid Waste Management Facilities
Road Hazard Claims
Total number of road hazard claims presented against the Province
Dialysis Facility Compare - State Averages
State averages of common dialysis quality measures.
Casos de muertes por eventos de tránsito
Muestra las muertes en Cali por eventos de tránsito sucedidas en los años 2016 y 2017 de acuerdo a la condición de la víctima.
CONTRATOS Contraloría Departamental Del Amazonas - Enero A Abril De 2018
Contratos Efectuados en la Contraloría Departamental Del Amazonas entre los meses de Enero - Abril De 2018
Vehicle for Hire Dispatchers
List of valid vehicle for hire dispatchers in the City
Lobbyist Data - Historical - Lobbyist Registry - 2010
All lobbyist registration fillings submitted to the Board of Ethics during the 2010 reporting period. / All lobbyists must register with the City of Chicago Board of Ethics by filing a Statement of Registration within five business days of engaging in lobbying activity and annually thereafter by January 20th.   Lobbyist registration information is submitted to the Board of Ethics in paper form and is available in its entirety in the Board's offices. The Board has, since 2000, compiled and posted static lists of all lobbyists and their clients online. Data for the 2010 reporting period is limited because previous policy did not require the Board of Ethics to prioritize the reporting of all data available from paper filings.   Moving forward, the Board of Ethics will compile and report more data about lobbyists and their activities, and make that additional information publicly available in machine-readable format. /    Data Owner:  Board of Ethics   [http://j.mp/mbH9BN] /    Time Period: January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010 /  Related Applications:  Registered Lobbyist List [http://j.mp/l8LwAq],   2011 Lobbyist Registry  [http://j.mp/ifigjs]
Registros del SISBEN en verificación del Departamento de Norte de Santander
Este dataset contiene los registros suspendidos, pendientes para levantar la suspensión mediante la verificación por parte de cada uno de los Administradores Municipales del Sisbén del Departamento de Norte de Santander, con un total de 1.276  registros (usuarios)
EJECUCIÓN PPTAL DE INGRESOS A OCTUBRE 2019
EJECUCIÓN PPTAL DE INGRESOS A OCTUBRE 2019
PRIMERA CAUSA DE MORBILIDAD CONSULTA EXTERNA MARZO
PRIMERA CAUSA DE MORBILIDAD CONSULTA EXTERNA MARZO
Vital Signs: Daily Miles Traveled - by metro area (per-capita)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Daily Miles Traveled (T15)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Per-capita vehicle miles traveled    LAST UPDATED  July 2017    DESCRIPTION  Daily miles traveled, commonly referred to as vehicle miles traveled (VMT), reflects the total and per-person number of miles traveled in personal vehicles on a typical weekday. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional and county tables for per-capita vehicle miles traveled.    DATA SOURCE  Federal Highway Administration: Highway Statistics Series  2015  Table HM-71; limited to urbanized areas  https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/statistics.cfm    U.S. Census Bureau: Summary File 1  2010  http://factfinder2.census.gov      CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  "Vehicle miles traveled reflects the mileage accrued within the county and not necessarily the residents of that county; even though most trips are due to local residents, additional VMT can be accrued by through-trips. City data was thus discarded due to this limitation and the analysis only examine county and regional data, where through-trips are generally less common.    The metropolitan area comparison was performed by summing all of the urbanized areas within each metropolitan area (9-nine region for the San Francisco Bay Area and the primary MSA for all others). For the metro analysis, no VMT data is available outside of other urbanized areas; it is only available for intraregional analysis purposes.    VMT per capita is calculated by dividing VMT by an estimate of the traveling population. The traveling population does not include people living in institutionalized facilities, which are defined by the Census. Because institutionalized population is not estimated each year, the proportion of people living in institutionalized facilities from the 2010 Census was applied to the total population estimates for all years."
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS199
Driver Feedback Sign DFS199    Latitude: 53.499861  Longitude: -113.626292    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Eventos de Interés Salud Pública de Envigado
Registro de las diferentes afectaciones en salud que tuvieron los habitantes del Municipio de Envigado entre los años 2015 - 2018
Establecimientos inscritos en Industria y Comercio de Fusagasugá
Listado de establecimientos inscritos en Industria y Comercio con las actividades económicas ejercidas en el municipio de Fusagasugá
Climate Perceptions Baseline Survey Data, Questionnaire and Final Report (2017)
The goal of this Climate Perception Baseline Survey was to research and better understand the current perceptions and behaviours of Edmontonians around climate change. This survey provided a baseline for the City of Edmonton to measure perception, awareness and likelihood that a citizen will take part in climate-related initiatives such as the City's EnerGuide for Homes program.    This survey was done by Leger - The Research Intelligence Group in June 2017 on behalf of the City of Edmonton.    This dataset consists of the survey results data. In addition, descriptions of the columns in this dataset, the survey questionnaire, and the final report produced based on this data  are included as attachments to this dataset.
2016 Census - Population by Citizenship (Neighbourhood/Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Lobbyist Data - Historical - Lobbyist Agency Report - 2010
The lobbyist agency report is part of the Lobbyist Activity Report, a notarized disclosure that lobbyists were required to file twice during 2010 (January 20th and July 20th).  Lobbyists were required to report the name of each City agency lobbied and report whether lobbying involved legislative or administrative action, and give a brief description of the legislative or administrative action promoted or opposed.  Data for the 2010 reporting period is limited because previous policy did not require the Board of Ethics to prioritize the reporting of all data available from paper filings.   Data Owner:  Board of Ethics   [http://j.mp/mbH9BN] /  Time Period: January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010 /   Related Applications:  Registered Lobbyist List [http://j.mp/l8LwAq]
Environmental Nuisance Docket 9-18-2018
Nuisance ordinance violations presented to Montgomery City Council for approval to be abated
CalCOFI Larvae Counts, Scientific Names CD to CH
Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.
INVENTARIO DE PROYECTOS GOBERNACION DEL ATLANTICO VIGENCIA 2018
Inventario de proyectos de la Gobernación del Atlántico vigencia 2018 con los estados viable, en estudio y con recursos asignados.
Health Facility Certification Information
<b>IMPORTANT: Due to the response to COVID-19 (Novel Coronavirus), many facilities are increasing their bed capacity. The numbers below reflect certified bed counts and are not real-time, and should not be used to measure capacity for emergency response.</b>  This dataset contains information on certifications for services and beds for Article 28, Article 36, and Article 40 health care facilities, and programs  from the Health Facilities Information System (HFIS).
Nova Scotia Examination Results by year and board - English 10
Provides examination results for Reading (scaled score and performance level) and Writing (performance level for four components of writing) for each year examination has been administered. Consult plans.ednet.ns.ca for more information on the examinations.
2013 - 2017 Council and Committee Meetings - Abstention Votes
List of Abstention Votes from Council-approved meetings of Edmonton City Council and related Committees of Council. While every effort is taken to ensure its accuracy, the data presented here is for informational purposes only.  (The official record of the Council and Committee meetings shall be the Agendas, Minutes and supporting documents approved by and filed with the City Clerk.)
Boat Launch Sites by State Parks or Marine Facility
The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP) oversees more than 250 state parks, historic sites, recreational trails, golf courses, boat launches and more,  encompassing nearly 350,000 acres, that are visited by 74 million people annually.  These facilities contribute to the economic vitality and quality of life of local communities and directly support New York’s tourism industry.  Parks also provide a place for families and children to be active and exercise, promoting healthy lifestyles.  The agency is responsible for the operation and stewardship of the state park system as well as advancing a statewide parks, historic preservation, and open space mission.  The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation, and Historic Preservation operates marinas and boat launching sites across the state. For more information about boating in New York State parks, visit http://nysparks.com/recreation/boating/
PBJ Daily Non-Nurse Staffing CY 2018Q2
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility.
2016-2017 Local Law 15 K-12 Health Data - Health Instructor
Local Law 15 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide Health Education Instructor data, disaggregated by community school district, city council district, and each individual school Data reported in this report is from the 2016-17 school year. This report provides the number of licensed full- time and part-time instructors, the number of instructors assigned to teach at least one health education class, the number and percentage of instructors who received professional development training and the total number and percentage of instructors attending multiple sessions of professional development. Data is reported from the 2016-17 school year.
Superservicios-Información Tarifas Aplicadas. ZNI
Información Tarifas Aplicadas. c3 ZNI - 2017
2018 Bias Incident Reports by Protected Class
The Seattle Office for Civil Rights (SOCR) receives calls on the Bias Incident Reporting Line. This dataset shows the amount of calls received each quarter of 2018 by protected class. A protected class is a characteristic of a person that is protected by the laws SOCR enforces such as race, gender identity, or disability. An “uncategorized” protected class means the caller did not provide a protected class.
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 15 Minute Intervals: 2019 Q4
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
Medical Assistance Enrollment July 2003 - Current Monthly County & Statewide Human Services
Persons enrolled in Medical Assistance (Medicaid)  for a given month. Includes Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), General Assistance (GA), Disabled, & Waiver categories.
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Suicidios en Santiago de Cali Según Comuna Del Hecho 2001 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados las Muertes por Causa Externa por Suicidios según la comuna de los hechos para los años 2001 al 2017
Contratistas OPS UNP 2019
Conjunto de datos con informacion de contratistas por Orden de Prestación de Servicios OPS en la Unidad Nacional de Protección para el año 2019
Building Permits
Building permits issued by City of Mesa. Included: All building permits applied. Not Included: Applications for Documents or Services, Code Compliance Complaints, Planning Cases, or Engineering Projects. It is assumed that all permits have been issued based on meeting all building and zoning codes.
Soil and Conservation/USDA Projects in Metro Davidson County
Cost and location of Soil and Conservation/USDA Projects in Metro Davidson County
Shared Urban Mobility Device (SUMD) Parking Compliance - Spin
This dataset provides information for oversight of parking compliance and SUMD distribution for Spin's vehicle fleet. Updated approximately every 5 minutes.
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2004 Q2
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2004 Q2
Vital Signs: Snapshots - Arrows
This dataset is used for the Snapshots feature on the www.vitalsigns.mtc.ca.gov homepage. Visit the Data Center to download data and source information for individual indicators.  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov
Infracciones de transito más sancionadas
Incumplimiento de la normativa de circulación de vehículos que acarrea una sanción administrativa.
PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE INGRESO POR HOSPITALIZACIÓN POR GRUPO ETAREO Y SEXO AÑO 2018 ESE IMSALUD
Hospitalización IMSALUD año 2018
Regional System of Standardized Indicators in Peaceful Coexistence and Citizen Security
The Regional system of standardized Indicators in peaceful coexistence and Citizen Security (RIC) is a project through which 15 countries and two capital cities of Latin America and the Caribbean, have partnered to improve and compare their statistics on crime and violence. This initiative has been promoted and financed by the Inter-American Development Bank - IDB through the Regional Public Goods program under the coordination and execution of CISALVA Institute at the Universidad del Valle in Cali, Colombia. The citizen security indicators were designed, reviewed and approved by the project's partner countries, along with established definitions and methodologies for the standardizing of  the collecting, processing and analyzing stages of the information flow in order to support the quality of the data published. These indicators were reviewed in various regional boards, resulting in the improvement of some of them and the selection of additional citizen security indicators. The indicators are obtained via administrative records and others via surveys. In order to ensure the comparability of the indicators, a standardization process of concepts relating to the variables of time, place, person and circumstance was developed.<br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/idb/dataset/2gtw-dpqa</b></br></br>
ITA - Percentage of U.S. exporter clients that achieved their export objectives
This measure evaluates Global Markets’ effectiveness in helping companies achieve their export objectives. Global Markets offers U.S. companies a robust set of capabilities to help them achieve their international exporting goals, whether those goals are to set up an overseas distribution channel, gain easier access to challenging markets, or meet additional foreign buyers for their goods. Global Markets focuses on understanding clients’ exporting needs, and providing services to meet those needs.
Transportation Pavement Inventory
This feature class identifies all roadways and parking areas that are maintained by the City of Mesa. This includes streets, intersections, parking lots, paved alleys, unpaved alleys, and dirt roads. Data are stored as a line geometry type feature class in the City Enterprise Geodatabase. The projected coordinate system is NAD 1983 State Plane Arizona Central FIPS 0202 Feet.
2015-2017 Graffiti Audit
In 2010, Capital City Clean Up initiated a Graffiti Vandalism Audit to assess the amount of graffiti vandalism found in the neighbourhoods in Edmonton with the highest reported incidences of graffiti.  A follow-up audit was completed in the following years to determine if there were significant changes to the amount of graffiti found.  This data set is result of  2015 through to 2017 Graffiti Vandalism Audits. You can see the 2017 report at: http://www.edmonton.ca/programs_services/documents/GraffitiVandalismAuditReport-WebVersion.pdf
Tourism Nova Scotia Listed Operators
GPS coordinates for operators that are listed on www.novascotia.com.
Gov Stat MCPD SPM Spreadsheet
This dataset contains the Montgomery County Police Department's  (MCPD) supporting performance measures. To see MCPD's headline measures, see this dataset: https://stat.montgomerycountymd.gov/dataset/Gov-Stat-MCPD-HPM-Spreadsheet/gygx-tn6k
OFERTA PROGRAMAS ACADEMICOS PREGRADO DEPARTAMENTO DEL META
Oferta de programas académicos de pregrado en el departamento del Meta
COVID-19 in Alberta: Current Outbreak Locations
From https://www.alberta.ca/covid-19-alberta-data.aspx; updated 2020-10-20 15:38 with data as of end of day 2020-10-19.      Locations of outbreaks in acute care and continuing care facilities are reported publicly when there are 2 or more cases, indicating that a transmission within the facility has occurred.      Outbreaks at other facilities or in the community are reported publicly when there are 5 or more cases. Outbreaks are declared over when 4 weeks have passed with no new cases, so not all outbreaks listed have current transmission happening.      As a precaution, outbreak control measures are put in place at continuing care facilities and group homes with a single confirmed case.      Outbreak information will be updated on Tuesdays and Fridays each week. Case numbers for outbreaks at specific sites are not provided online because they change rapidly and often.
Commuter Survey 2014
This dataset is the USAID portion of a larger dataset developed by OMB to better understand and to quantify the carbon footprint of the daily commute of government workers.
Información Pasajeros Transporte Masivo
Conjunto de datos que contiene información relacionada con  la cantidad de pasajeros que se transportan en el transporte masivo en Colombia.
Indicadores de calidad resolución 1552 de 2013
Corresponde a agendas abiertas y oportunidad en la asignación de citas.
Food Service Establishment Inspections: Beginning 2005 (ACTIVE)
This data includes the name and location of active food service establishments and the violations that were found at the time of the inspection.  Inspections are a snapshot in time and are not always reflective of the day-to-day operations and overall condition of an establishment.
Integrantes Juntas de Accion Comunal de Pesca.
En esta base de datos se encuentran los integrantes de las juntas de acción comunal  del area urbana y  rural del municipio de Pesca - Boyacá..
Información Madres Gestantes Municipio Tunja, Boyacá
Información Madres Gestantes del municipio de Tunja, Boyacá
Measuring Progress Questionnaire - Access to Amenities and Services that Improve Quality of Life
This was survey sent to the Insight Community in conjunction with a telephone survey performed to gauge residents thoughts on the City and how they think about their city. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=182&as=yN1J0gu9Dz&t=1. Open from January 26 - February 04, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2215 Insight Community Members. 1127 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 51%. A total of 1284 respondents completed the survey: 1127 Insight Community Members and 157 using the Open link.
WAOFM - April 1 - Population by State, County and City, 1990 to Present
Intercensal and postcensal population estimates for the state, counties and cities, 1990 to present.
Preguntas Frecuentes
Base de conocimiento de ClicSalud
Registro de Activos de Información Alcaldía de Palermo
Registro de activos de información Alcaldía de Palermo
Traffic Studies: Vehicle Classification Reports
***THIS DATASET IS UNDER ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME***  Traffic Study Vehicle Classification Reports contain time-aggregated vehicle classification data collected from road tubes.  For more information about traffic study data, see here: https://github.com/cityofaustin/atd-data-publishing/wiki/Traffic-Count-Data-Publishing
CPS 1.3 FBSS - Children Entering Family Preservation Services with Race/Ethnicity FY2010-2019
Family Preservation Services (FPR) are services provided to the child and the family where the caregiver retains legal custody.    This chart counts children entering Family Based Safety Services Family Preservation Stages during the fiscal year.  NOTE:  Family Preservation Services is under the umbrella of Family Based Safety Services (FBSS).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of August 2018.</p>
TRANSPORTE TERRESTRE DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE CALDAS
PUNTOS DE TRANSPORTE TERRESTRE DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE CALDAS
Indicador de Calidad Resolución 0256 de 2015. E.S.E Hospital Departamental de Villavicencio
Contiene los Indicadores de Calidad de la Resolución 0256 de 2015 del sistema de Información para la calidad y se establece los indicadores para el monitoreo de la calidad en Salud del Hospital Departamental de Villavicencio para la Vigencia 2019
General Government Employees Titles and Base Annual Salaries
Metro Nashville general government employees’ titles and base annual salaries.
ACTQP HTS - Average Trip Time Categorised by Trip Purpose and Time of Day
This data set provides the average time of trips (in minutes) categorised by the purpose of the trip and the time of day. This data is obtained from individuals sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey.   A trip is defined as the travel between two main activities, where a stop may constitute a change in transport mode. As an example: driving from home to a park and ride facility, then catching a bus to an interchange, then walking to a shop to purchase an item and finally walking to work is comprised of 4 ‘stops’ and two ‘trips’.   Note: This data represents travel and activity on an average weekday, and average times include wait times at transport interchanges. The main method of travel across a trip is used to classify trip types. The time of day is based on the mid-point of the start and arrival time of the trip.  AM Peak: 8-9AM, PM Peak: 5-6PM
Thruway E-ZPass/Cash Hourly Usage by Plaza: Beginning 2006
This dataset contains E-ZPass and Cash vehicle count data by hour by toll plaza, beginning with 2006 data.  For each toll plaza, a row of data exists for each hour of each day and for each direction of travel, depending on the type of toll barrier.
SITIOS TURÍSTICOS DE FLORENCIA, CAQUETÁ
Contiene los nombres, direcciones y teléfonos de los sitios turísticos de la ciudad de Florencia, Caquetá-
Chicago Public Schools - School Admissions Information SY1617
School admissions information for all Chicago Public Schools for the academic year 2016-2017.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of November 2017.</p>
Activos de Información
Activos de Información Empresa de Servicios Públicos ESP
Electricity Consumption County Owned Buildings (2017)
Account level electricity usage data (2017) obtained from LA County. Data is sorted by rate type to exclude streetlights, traffic signals, and water pumps. Electricity and natural gas usage data disaggregated by service city location.
Marital Status (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/9p67-xj9k/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
NNDSS - TABLE 1MM. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus to Guanarito virus
NNDSS - TABLE 1MM. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus to Guanarito virus - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).   § Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers'. NNDSS was updated beginning in 2015 to receive data for each of the viral hemorrhagic fevers listed.
2017-2018 SCHOOL LEVEL CLASS SIZE REPORT
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Matriz Macro de Cali
APC-Colombia, es la organización que guía la cooperación internacional de Colombia. La propuesta de valor de la Agencia es aumentar el beneficio que obtiene la sociedad colombiana e internacional de la cooperación en función del desarrollo de acuerdo a las prioridades del país.
Iowa Watershed Boundaries: Subbasins (HUC 08)
The Watershed Boundary Dataset (WBD) defines the areal extent of surface water drainage to a point, accounting for all land and surface areas. Watershed Boundaries are determined solely upon science-based hydrologic principles, not favoring any administrative boundaries or special projects, nor particular program or agency. The intent of defining Hydrologic Units (HU) for the Watershed Boundary Dataset is to establish a base-line drainage boundary framework, accounting for all land and surface areas. At a minimum, the WBD is being delineated and georeferenced to the USGS 1:24,000 scale topographic base map meeting National Map Accuracy Standards (NMAS). Hydrologic units are given a Hydrologic Unit Code (HUC). For example, a hydrologic region has a 2-digit HUC. A HUC describes where the unit is in the country and the level of the unit.  "A hydrologic unit is a drainage area delineated to nest in a multi-level, hierarchical drainage system. Its boundaries are defined by hydrographic and topographic criteria that delineate an area of land upstream from a specific point on a river, stream or similar surface waters. A hydrologic unit can accept surface water directly from upstream drainage areas, and indirectly from associated surface areas such as remnant, non-contributing, and diversions to form a drainage area with single or multiple outlet points. Hydrologic units are only synonymous with classic watersheds when their boundaries include all the source area contributing surface water to a single defined outlet point."
OD0021 Provincial Government Employment By Department from 2015
Reports the total number of Government of Prince Edward Island employees by department as of the last pay period processed in December of each year.  Classified employees include permanent, probationary and provisional employees. Unclassified employees include casual, temporary, contract and student employees.  Unclassified employees reported include the total number of employees who received pay as of the last pay period of December.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of January 2018</p>
County Business Patterns - Puerto Rico 2005
Serie anual que provee datos económicos de las industrias a nivel de Puerto Rico. En este se incluye información sobre la cantidad de establecimientos, empleos durante la semana 12 de marzo del año de referencia, nómina para el primer trimestre y nómina para el año de referencia.
Current Active Clinical Trials - Roswell Park Cancer Institute
List of active studies submitted by Roswell Park Cancer Institute (RPCI) to National Cancer Institute (NCI) annually as part of the Cancer Center Report Grant reporting. It includes the primary site, protocol, principal investigator, date opened, phase and study name.
[Deprecated] Form 700 Schedule E
[Deprecated] This dataset will not be updated going forward and has been replaced by a version which can be found at https://data.sfgov.org/d/e67f-ux3j  +++++++  Travel payments from third parties (not your employer)  Link to Form 700 overview: http://www.fppc.ca.gov/Form700.html
ESTABLECIMIENTOS NACIONALES DE GASES MEDICINALES CERTIFICADOS CON BUENAS PRÁCTICAS DE MANUFACTURA
Base de datos donde se consolidan los establecimientos nacionales que cuentan con certificación en buenas practicas de manufactura vigente, para la producción de gases medicinales.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH32 B120 POST-VIETNAM ERA VETERANS' EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE JAN2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide educational assistance to persons entering the Armed Forces after December 31, 1976, and before July 1, 1985; to assist persons in obtaining an education they might otherwise not be able to afford; and to promote and assist the all volunteer military program of the United States by attracting qualified persons to serve in the Armed Forces. The participant must have entered on active duty on or after January 1, 1977, and before July 1, 1985, and either served on active duty for more than 180 continuous days receiving an other than dishonorable discharge, or have been discharged after January, 1, 1977 because of a service-connected disability. Also eligible are participants who serve for more than 180 days and who continue on active duty and have completed their first period of obligated service (or 6 years of active duty, whichever comes first). Participants must also have satisfactorily contributed to the program. (Satisfactory contribution consists of monthly deduction of $25 to $100 from military pay, up to a maximum of $2,700, for deposit in a special training fund.) Participants may make lump-sum contributions. No individuals on active duty in the Armed Forces may initially begin contributing to this program after March 31, 1987.</p>
Utah Division of Arts and Museums report on NEA grant funding
The Utah Division of Arts and Museums administers grants to local arts agencies.  This dataset describes how those funds are distributed.
RVA Community Survey 2014 Data GEO
Dataset is the anonymized responses from the 2014 Community Survey conducted by ETC Institute. Random surveys were sent to residents across our city to create an equal representation of at least 150 responses per Council District. Most answers are scored:  5- Very Satisfied  4- Satisfied  3- Neither  2- Dissatisfied  1- Very Dissatisfied  9- Don't Know  While Most Important ranked questions refer to the preceding questions services and items ordered by letter. Not all Ranking questions are required and might not equal total number of surveys.
Immigration Workshops
Immigration Workshops around the City of Los Angeles.
Fleet Parts Customer Catalog
Parts and supplies available for ordering through King County Fleet Services
Registro Activos de información Quinchía Risaralda
Registro de los activos de información de la Alcaldía municipal de Quinchía Risaralda
Economic Inclusion Certified Vendors - MBE/WBE Program
Data Description: This data set is a list of all vendors who are certified as Minority Business Enterprises; Women-owned Businesses; and Small Business Enterprises. MBE and WBE are terms of art under CMC 324, and refer specifically to the City's new Economic Inclusion program.   To increase economic participation in City contracts for minority- and women-owned businesses, the City enacted C.M.C 324, which authorized creation of the City’s new Economic Inclusion Program, run by the Department of Economic Inclusion (DEI). DEI works with Procurement and City departments to establish subcontracting goals for minority & women-owned businesses to help bolster the City's other inclusion efforts.  Data Creation: DEI certifies vendors through its Business Certification Programs: the process of being certified under C.M.C. 324 and 342 is explained on the Department's website. The active vendors are sent to the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  Data Created By: Department of Economic Inclusion (DEI)  Refresh Frequency: Weekly  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/Certified-Vendors-MBE-WBE-Program-/69yt-tb5j/  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Sujetos De Control 2018
Relación de los Sujetos vigilados por la Contraloría Departamental del Huila
Funcionarios del Cuerpo Diplomático y Consular acreditado en Colombia
Funcionarios que conforman el cuerpo diplomático y consular acreditado en Colombia.  Nos interesa conocer su opinión sobre los datos publicados. Lo invitamos a que realice nuestra encuesta de satisfacción de datos abiertos: https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=e1S0GcQyMkymbQ9pAT9hWh3zC1ukCGtCqkYb4M6lDqdUM0Y0RjZCTTRENDdVUkI2VjNLQ0hCQkE3VSQlQCN0PWcu
2018 Child and Adult Health Care Quality Measures
Performance rates on frequently reported health care quality measures in the CMS Medicaid/CHIP Child and Adult Core Sets, for FFY 2018 reporting.  Source: Mathematica analysis of MACPro and Form CMS-416 reports for the FFY 2018 reporting cycle. For more information, see the Children's Health Care Quality Measures and Adult Health Care Quality Measures webpages.
Maryland Port Administration General Cargo
Maryland Port Administration General Cargo Monthly Data for the MPA's public terminals (Souce: Internal MPA data)
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo tecnificado de patilla (Citrullus lanatus) en clima cálido, Semestre agrícola I, en e l departamento del Meta. Escala 1:100.000. Diciembre 2018
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Meta a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 202 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Gobernación de Meta. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de patilla (Citrullus lanatus) para el semestre agrícola I. Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de patilla.
Traslados Asistenciales en ambulancia
Contiene los principales traslados en ambulancia desde la ESE Hospital del sur a los diferentes Municipios.
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN PÚBLICA
El Registro de Activos de Información es el inventario de la información pública que la Cámara de Comercio de Montería, obtenga, adquiera, transforme o controle en su calidad de tal. Contiene, los siguientes componentes:  (1)  Las categorías de información   (2)  Registros publicados.  (3)  Registros disponibles para ser solicitado por el público.
Beach Lab Data
The Chicago Park District collects and analyzes water samples from beaches along Chicago’s Lake Michigan lakefront. The Chicago Park District partners with the University of Illinois at Chicago Department of Public Health Laboratory to analyze water samples using a new DNA testing method called Rapid Testing Method (qPCR analysis) which tests for Enterococci in order to monitor swimming safety.    The rapid testing method (qPCR analysis) is a new method that measures levels of pathogenic DNA in beach water. Unlike the culture based test that requires up to 24 hours of processing, the new rapid testing method requires a 4-5 hours for results. The Chicago Park District can use results of the rapid test to notify the public when levels exceed UPEPA recommended levels, which is 1000* CCE. When DNA bacteria levels exceed 1000 CCE, a yellow swim advisory flag is implemented. For more information please refer to the USEPA Recreational Water Quality Criteria (http://water.epa.gov/scitech/swguidance/standards/criteria/health/recreation).   Historically, the Chicago Park District used the culture based analysis method and statistical prediction models to monitor beach water quality.  The culture based method tests for Escherichia coli (E. coli) bacteria which is an indicator species for the presence of disease-causing bacteria, viruses, and protozoans that may pose health risks to the public. This method requires 18-24 hours of processing to receive results. The Chicago Park District would use results of the culture based method to notify the public when levels exceed UPEPA recommended levels, which is 235* CFU. When bacteria levels exceed 235 CFU, a yellow swim advisory flag was implemented. This standard is still used at most beaches throughout the Great Lakes region. For more information please refer to the USEPA Recreational Water Quality Criteria.   The statistical prediction model forecasted real-time Escherichia coli (E. coli) bacteria levels present in the water. The Chicago Park District (CPD) in partnership with the US Geological Survey, developed statistical prediction models by using weather data pulled from CPD buoys (https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/qmqz-2xku) and weather stations (https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/k7hf-8y75). The Chicago Park District would use results of the predictive model to notify the public when bacteria levels would exceed 235 CFU. When bacteria levels exceed 235 CFU, a yellow swim advisory flag was implemented.   * The unit of measurement for Escherichia coli is Colony Forming Units (CFU) per 100 milliliters of water. (Culture Based Method / Statistical Prediction Model) *The unit of measuring DNA is Enterococci Calibrator Cell Equivalents (CCE) per 100 milliliters of water. (Rapid Testing Analysis)
Beneficios del control fiscal vigencia 2018
beneficios del control fiscal de la vigencia de 2018
Low Birthweight and Education
Percent of babies born low birth weight, by race and educational attainment in New Orleans, 2015
Oregon Consumer Complaints
Consumer complaints registered with the Oregon Dept. of Justice.  The database of consumer complaints is derived from consumer contacts for the past 3 years and is for information only. This database may not offer a completely accurate or comprehensive account of every incident. Several factors, including a company’s size and volume of transactions, may affect the likelihood of a consumer complaint being filed. The number of complaints about a business may not be a reliable measure as to whether it is appropriately conducting business.    The information in this database is updated as soon as possible. However, recently submitted complaints may not be immediately available.    The statements in this database do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the DOJ.    For more information, see http://www.doj.state.or.us/finfraud/index.shtml
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2004 Q1
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2004 Q1
FARMACIA DE LA E.S.E HOSPITAL SAN VICENTE DE PAUL FÓMEQUE
Promedio de antibióticos entregados por   de la   E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque  del cuarto trimestre del 2018 de los municipios de Fómeque, Ubaque, Choachí.
JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE SANTO TOMAS (GOBERNACIÓN DEL ATLANTICO)
Listado de las Juntas de Acción Comunal Municipio de Santo Tomás, Departamento del Atlántico.
Fall Enrollment By Ethnicity And Gender By Charter School Utah 2013
Fall Enrollment By Ethnicity And Gender By Charter School Utah 2013
Tramites del Municipio de Belalcázar Caldas
Tramites que se realizan en el Municipio
JTI JSI Conference and Meeting Expenditures By Type
Conference and meeting expenditure details for the Joint Safety Institute and the Joint Training Institute.     Financial documents and underlying data relating to City Controller Ron Galperin's audits of two trusts, the Joint Training Institute and the Joint Safety Institute. The two trusts are fully funded by the Department of Water and Power (DWP) and managed by an appointed board made up of equal numbers of representatives from DWP management and from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 18, which represents the majority of workers at the DWP. All information below was compiled by the City's auditors for these two audits. For more information, visit: https://controllerdata.lacity.org/Audits-and-Reports/Joint-Training-Institute-JTI-and-Joint-Safety-Inst/4i3e-krmq
Alaska Phocid Health and Disease
Polar Ecosystems Program research projects focus primarily on abundance, trends, distribution, health and condition, and foraging behavior of phocids (harbor, bearded, ringed, spotted, and ribbon seals) in Alaska. This database contains health and disease data obtained by analysis of different blood parameters, molecular analysis of swabs, stable isotope analysis, and contaminant analysis from seals across a variety of research projects. Biological samples (e.g. blood, tissue, hair, nasal swabs, and whiskers) have been collected from ribbon and spotted seals in the Bering Sea, bearded seals in the Bering and Chukchi Seas, and harbor seals in the north Pacific and Bering Sea. Ribbon seal samples were collected in 2005-2010, 2014; spotted seal samples were collected in 2005-2010, 2014; bearded seal samples were collected in 2007, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2014; ringed seal samples were collected in 2007-2009; harbor seal samples were collected in 2004-2006, 2012.
Office of the President - S.T.A.R. Report - 2011 Q2
Performance management data from Cook County Government departments and agencies for Q2 2011.
Natural Gas And Natural Gas Liquids Price And Value In Utah T4.15 1945-2013
Natural Gas And Natural Gas Liquids Price And Value In Utah T4.15 1945-2013
Benefits and Programs API (Historical)
This is historical data.   This dataset is no longer being updated and is only here as a historical record. You can access version 2 of this dataset here, which has updated information and a new data schema. Reach out to products@nycopportunity.nyc.gov if you have any questions about the recent updates.  This dataset provides benefit, program, and resource information for over 40 health and human services available to NYC residents. The data is kept up-to-date, including the most recent applications, eligibility requirements, and application dates. Information in this dataset is used on <a href="http://access.nyc.gov">ACCESS NYC</a> and <a href="http://www.nyc.gov/growingupnyc">Growing Up NYC</a>.  For current information, please visit <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/dataset/Benefits-and-Programs-API/kvhd-5fmu">Benefits and Programs API</a>
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS171
Driver Feedback Sign DFS171    Latitude: 53.524859  Longitude: -113.587422    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
C-5, Apportionment Formula Results All Corporations
The dataset includes a summary of the average corporation apportionment factors for all Corporations (C and S Corporations) based on California corporate tax returns.
LICENCIAMIENTO URBANÍSTICO FUNZA
CANTIDAD DE LICENCIAS APROBADAS DESDE EL AÑO 2000 HASTA EL AÑO 2017
Summary of Employee by location
This dataset reflects the volume and percentage of MCG employees by home and work location. Data is determined by information currently in employee personnel file (Data includes full-time and part-time regular employees only). Update Frequency : Annually
Iowa Median Earnings in Past 12 Months for the Civilian Employed Population 16 Years and Over by Sex and Occupation (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset provides median earnings in past 12 months for civilian employed population 16 years and over by sex and occupation for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B24012.  Sex categories included: Male, Female, and Both  Occupation categories included: Management occupations, Business and financial operations occupations, Computer and mathematical occupations, Architecture and engineering occupations, Life physical and social science occupations, Community and social service occupations, Legal occupations, Education training and library occupations, Arts design entertainment sports and media occupations, Health diagnosing and treating practitioners and other technical occupations, Health technologists and technicians, Healthcare support occupations, Fire fighting and prevention and other protective service workers including supervisors, Law enforcement workers including supervisors, Food preparation and serving related occupations, Building and grounds cleaning and maintenance occupations, Personal care and service occupations, Sales and related occupations, Office and administrative support occupations, Farming fishing and forestry occupations, Construction and extraction occupations, Installation maintenance and repair occupations, Production occupations, Transportation occupations, and Material moving occupations.  Occupations are organized into broader occupation groups and categories.
Morgan County Census Projections 2010-2060
This data set contains population projections from GOMB.
311 OPCD Calls (2012-Present)
This dataset represents calls to the Orleans Parish Communications District 311 Call Center and historical calls to the City of New Orleans' 311 Call Center.
Census 2001 -  Education
Attendance and highest level of education organized by neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city.
Back up appliances Measure K
ISD Measure K project ISDTI
Tenjo-industria-y-comercio
Contribuyentes del Impuesto de Industria y Comercio
International BRT Parking and Curb Inventory
Fehr & Peers conducted a parking inventory and occupancy study in Oakland to support the ongoing International BRT project. The study area consisted of block faces within 1,500 feet of International Boulevard between 1st Avenue and Durant Avenue, a 6.8 mile-long corridor.  Inventory and occupancy data was collected for over 2,500 block faces in February of 2018 between 11:00 AM and 3:00 PM. Block faces were selected for inclusion in the study if any portion of the block face was within 1,500 feet of International Boulevard between 1st Avenue and Durant Avenue. The total length of available parking on each block was collected for blocks with parallel parking, and a number of spaces was collected for those with angled or perpendicular parking. Spaces were further differentiated by metered, unmarked regular, commercial loading, passenger loading, and accessible spaces. Private access or otherwise reserved spaces were not included in the study. Data validation efforts included additional field visits to ground-truth the inventory data and ensure that the observed occupancies were typical, as well as comparisons of the inventory data to block face lengths to identify data entry errors. Certain block faces with identified data entry or collection errors were re-collected in subsequent field visits in March of 2018.
2014-2015 School Closure Discharge Reporting - Attendance
In June 2015, 18 New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2014-2015 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043
2018 Q2 Immigration Survey Results
Data set is the result of commissioned questions in the Atlantic Quarterly omnibus public opinion survey conducted in May 2018. These commissioned questions relate to public opinion regarding perceptions of immigration. Results are provided for each question broken down by various demographic markers (age, gender, geographic region, education level and household income).
Ganadores del XII Concurso de Poesía Inédita de Cali 2017
Listado de ganadores del XII Concurso de Poesía inédita de Cali 2017
Street Lighting
This dataset contains the location and attribute information about all of the street lights in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana.  This includes lighting along neighborhood streets and major roads.
Summary Financial Information for Industrial Development Agencies
Public authorities are required by Section 2800 of Public Authorities Law to submit annual reports to the Authorities Budget Office that includes summary financial information.  The dataset consists of information from the statement of net assets and the statement of revenues, expenses and change in net assets reported by Industrial Development Agencies beginning with fiscal years ending in 2011.
Once In A Lifetime Rocky Mountain Goat Hunt Harvest Utah 2012
Once In A Lifetime Rocky Mountain Goat Hunt Harvest Utah 2012
Network PUF - 2014
The Network PUF (Ntwrk-PUF) is one of the seven files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The Ntwrk-PUF contains issuer-level data identifying provider network URLs. These data either originate from the Network ID template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
Parks Inspection Program – Element Tracking
This dataset contains additional items that are counted, and in some cases evaluated during a property inspection. Examples include signs, flags and drinking fountains. Each row represents a single observation.    A complete list of all datasets in the series can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Parks%20Inspection%20Program%20(PIP)&sortBy=alpha">here</a>.
Vital Signs: Population – by city
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Population (LU1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Population estimates  LAST UPDATED October 2019  DESCRIPTION Population is a measurement of the number of residents that live in a given geographical area, be it a neighborhood, city, county or region.  DATA SOURCES U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census No link available (1960-1990) http://factfinder.census.gov (2000-2010)  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates Table E-6: County Population Estimates (1961-1969) Table E-4: Population Estimates for Counties and State (1971-1989) Table E-8: Historical Population and Housing Estimates (2001-2018) Table E-5: Population and Housing Estimates (2011-2019) http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census - via Longitudinal Tract Database Spatial Structures in the Social Sciences, Brown University Population Estimates (1970 - 2010) http://www.s4.brown.edu/us2010/index.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 5-Year Population Estimates (2011-2017) http://factfinder.census.gov  U.S. Census Bureau: Intercensal Estimates Estimates of the Intercensal Population of Counties (1970-1979) Intercensal Estimates of the Resident Population (1980-1989) Population Estimates (1990-1999) Annual Estimates of the Population (2000-2009) Annual Estimates of the Population (2010-2017) No link available (1970-1989) http://www.census.gov/popest/data/metro/totals/1990s/tables/MA-99-03b.txt http://www.census.gov/popest/data/historical/2000s/vintage_2009/metro.html https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-total-metro-and-micro-statistical-areas.html  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) All legal boundaries and names for Census geography (metropolitan statistical area, county, city, and tract) are as of January 1, 2010, released beginning November 30, 2010, by the U.S. Census Bureau. A Priority Development Area (PDA) is a locally-designated area with frequent transit service, where a jurisdiction has decided to concentrate most of its housing and jobs growth for development in the foreseeable future. PDA boundaries are current as of August 2019. For more information on PDA designation see http://gis.abag.ca.gov/website/PDAShowcase/.  Population estimates for Bay Area counties and cities are from the California Department of Finance, which are as of January 1st of each year. Population estimates for non-Bay Area regions are from the U.S. Census Bureau. Decennial Census years reflect population as of April 1st of each year whereas population estimates for intercensal estimates are as of July 1st of each year. Population estimates for Bay Area tracts are from the decennial Census (1970 -2010) and the American Community Survey (2008-2012 5-year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Estimates of population density for tracts use gross acres as the denominator.  Population estimates for Bay Area PDAs are from the decennial Census (1970 - 2010) and the American Community Survey (2006-2010 5 year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Population estimates for PDAs are derived from Census population counts at the tract level for 1970-1990 and at the block group level for 2000-2017. Population from either tracts or block groups are allocated to a PDA using an area ratio. For example, if a quarter of a Census block group lies with in a PDA, a quarter of its population will be allocated to that PDA. Tract-to-PDA and block group-to-PDA area ratios are calculated using gross acres. Estimates of population density for PDAs use gross acres as the denominator.  Annual population estimates for metropolitan areas outside the Bay Area are from the Census and are benchmarked to each decennial Census. The annual estimates in the 1990s were not updated to match the 2000 benchmark.  The following is a
Fulton County Vendors
Listing of businesses to which the Fulton County government has made payments for goods or services.   Because of the way training and travel reimbursements to employees are recorded in the financial system, individual Fulton County employees also appear in the list if they have received such reimbursements.
Bronx Public School Math Results 2006
The 2013 grades 3-8 ELA and math proficiency percentages should not be compared directly with prior-year results. Unlike prior years, proficiency is now based on the Common Core – a more demanding set of knowledge and skills necessary for 21st century college and careers.  In order to comply with FERPA regulations on public reporting of education outcomes, rows with the number of students tested 5 or less are suppressed.  Ethnicities with very small counts (Native American, Pacific Islanders, Multi-Racial) are not shown in Ethnicity spreadsheet, but are included in the citywide totals.  Due to missing information on a small group of students, demographic categories do not always add up to citwide totals.
Fire Emergency Response Calls Year to Date
This dataset contains YTD count of incidents responded by Fire department.
DCA Fines and Fees
All fees charged by DCA for services and, all fines issued by an administrative judge resulting from violations.
Schools Offering the Pre-primary Program
List of schools offering the Pre-primary Program
Births
This is a public use data file on Delaware Births for 2009 to 2016 obtained from the Delaware certificate of live births. It includes the basic demographic information of the mother and some characteristics of birth.
DIRECTORIO DE FUNCIONARIOS Y CONTRATISTAS ALCALDIA JENESANO
DIRECTORIO DE FUNCIONARIOS Y CONTRATISTAS ALCALDIA JENESANO
Rift Valley Fever Innovation Lab: Rift Valley Fever neutralizing antibody titers of  goats (Capra aegagrus ) vaccinated with 1×105.0 PFU/ml of Rift Valley fever MP-12 and arMP-12ΔNSm21/384 vaccine candidates and revaccinated with 1 x 104.0 PFU/ml of MP-12
Vaccination of domestic ruminants is considered to be an effective strategy for protecting these animals against Rift Valley fever (RVF), but available vaccines have limitations. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine the safety and immunogenicity of RVF virus (RVFV) mutagenesis passage 12 (MP-12) and arMP-12ΔNSm21/384 vaccine candidates in goats (Capra aegagrus hircus) in Tanzania. Goats were vaccinated intramuscularly with RVFV MP-12 or arMP-12ΔNSm21/384, and then on Day 87 post-vaccination (PV) all animals were revaccinated using the RVFV MP-12 vaccine candidate. Serum samples were collected from the animals before and after vaccination at various intervals to test for RVFV using a Vero cell culture assay and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and for RVFV-neutralising antibody using a plaque reduction neutralisation assay. Serum samples collected before vaccination on Days -14 and 0, and on Days 3, 4 and 5 PV were negative for RVFV and neutralising antibody. All animals remained healthy, and viremia was not detected in any of the animals. Rift Valley fever virus antibody was first detected on Day 5 PV at a 1:10 dilution in five of five animals vaccinated with the MP-12 vaccine and in five of eight animals vaccinated with arMP-12ΔNSm21/384. Titres then increased and were sustained at 1:40 to 1:640 through to Day 87 PV. All animals that were revaccinated on Day 87 PV with MP-12 developed antibody titres ranging from 1:160 to as high as 1:10 240 on Days 14 and 21 PV. Although the antibody titres for goats vaccinated with RVF MP-12 were slightly higher than titres elicited by the arMP-12ΔNSm21/384 vaccine, these findings demonstrated that both vaccines are promising candidates for the prevention of RVF among Tansanian goats.
Public Assistance Enrollment
Number of individuals aided in CalWorks, Medi-Cal, Cal Fresh (food stamps) and General Assistance. An individual aided in multiple programs is counted only once.
CJFJC - CVC/WIC
Survivors can access a direct referral to WIC and can receive assistance and education on the process of applying for Crime Victim Compensation while meeting with an advocate
Insurance Producer Business Entities Licensed in Iowa
All individual insurance producers conducting business in Iowa must be licensed. Business entities, such as corporations, associations, partnerships, limited liabilities companies, limited liability partnerships, or other legal entities may choose to become licensed by completing an application and paying the license fee through the National Insurance Producer Registry (NIPR), following the requirements in Iowa Administrative Code rule 191.10.18.    This dataset contains a listing of producer business entities licensed in Iowa
Special Purpose District Individual Debt Obligations
The Special Purpose District Individual Debt Obligations table includes all individual debt obligation names and debt that the entities have self-reported using online form provided by the Comptroller.
City Bldg Energy Use V5
energy use in city facilities
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS147
Driver Feedback Sign DFS147    Latitude: 53.49622  Longitude: -113.57198    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Criminal Offenses Known To FBI By Counties In Utah 2010
This data set contains criminal offenses known to the FBI within Counties in Utah.  This data set comes from the Uniform Criminal Reporting system of the FBI.
Whyte Avenue - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the September  2014 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=86&t=1. Open from Sept 08 - 15, 2014. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1291 Insight Community Members. 703 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 54%. A total of 919 respondents completed the survey: 703 Insight Community Members and 216 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
DNR Website Notifications
This dataset is to be used with DNR websites only.
UCC Secured Parties List
List of all Current Secured Parties
E-Scooter Trips - 2019 Pilot
Electronic scooter trips taken during the 2019 Chicago pilot program. For more information on the pilot, see https://www.chicago.gov/scooters.
City of Seattle Wage Data
Wage and classification information of City of Seattle Employees as of September 2020. Exclusions may apply for vulnerable populations.
NNDSS - TABLE 1DD. Rubella to Rubella, congenital syndrome
NNDSS - TABLE 1DD. Rubella to Rubella, congenital syndrome  - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
NYS Liquor Authority New Applications Received
Liquor License applications received
Outdoor Park Maintenance Satisfaction Survey
Results from 2012 Parks random survey of Seattle residents.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of May 2019.</p>
Utah Educational Level By Age and Degree Census Tract 2013
This data set contains educational levels by age and gender for Census Tract and Counties in Utah.
Council on Open Data: Meeting Content December 2018
Council on Open Data Meeting documents including meeting agenda, sign-in sheet, presentation, and minutes.
Rural Health Care Commitments and Disbursements (FCC Form 462/466/466A)
This dataset contains data about funding decisions, total committed amounts, and total disbursement amounts for the Rural Health Care (RHC) Program. The data is collected from the FCC Form 462 (Funding Request Form, Health Care Connect Fund (HCF)), FCC Form 466 (Funding Request and Certification Form, Telecommunications program) and FCC Form 466A (Internet Service Funding Request and Certification Form, Telecommunications program). All information within the FCC Forms 462, 466, and 466A data collection is self-reported by applicants.
EJECUCIÓN PRESUPUESTAL DE GASTOS PRIMER TRIMESTRE 2017
Se encuentra todo los movimientos presupuestales del periodo como son: saldo inicial, adiciones, contracréditos, créditos, saldo definitivo, compromisos, pagos y saldos disponibles. la Ejecución incluye los gastos de funcionamiento, inversión (recursos propios y SGP) Fondo local de salud, fondos especiales y las reservas y las vigencias futuras
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Reported Line Item Expenditures by Month of Legal Services Contracted Providers
Reported Expenditures of Line Items by Month of registered and contracted agencies providing Legal Services.
Public Art
Information about artworks in The City of Calgary Public Art Collection, including locations, titles, artists, and descriptions of the artwork.  For more information, visit: www.calgary.ca/publicart
Mosquito Application by Helicopter (2020)
This dataset represents the GPS coordinates of where a helicopter flew while it actively applying treatment for mosquitoes in 2020.
Restaurante tipo C  zona rural municipio de Pasto a 25-04-2019
Restaurante tipo c, zona rural municipio de pasto
Daily Ozone Emissions Utah 2008
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Ozone) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Medicare Spending By Claim For Hospitals In Utah
Also known as Medicare Spending per Beneficiary (MSPB) Spending Breakdowns by Claim Type file. The data displayed here show average spending levels during hospitals’ Medicare Spending per Beneficiary (MSPB) episodes. An MSPB episode includes all Medicare Part A and Part B claims paid during the period from 3 days prior to a hospital admission through 30 days after discharge. These average Medicare payment amounts have been price-standardized to remove the effect of geographic payment differences and add-on payments for indirect medical education (IME) and disproportionate share hospitals (DSH). CMS uses the information on this webpage to calculate a hospital’s MSPB Measure value, which is reported on Hospital Compare. Specifically, the MSPB Measure methodology risk-adjusts the values on this webpage to account for beneficiary age and severity of illness. This webpage provides the pre-risk-adjusted values to help the public understand the MSPB Measure and its composition.
City of Dallas Library Locations
City of Dallas Library Locations
Vital Signs: Targets - Measure Details (updated April 2020)
Manage CMS for targets page on Vital Signs
PRUEBA IMPRESORAS TRECE
Contiene informacion de prueba para Taller de UtTransfornacionDigital
Travel Time and Reliability for Goods and Services Movement
Travel Time and Reliability for Goods and Services Movement measures how long it takes for a vehicle to travel along the inner ring road and highway connectors under typical driving conditions and peak driving conditions. The data is purchased from TomTom, which relies on data collected from GPS navigation systems. To arrive at a single representative value for a year, the travel times are scaled based on relative truck volumes and the length of the corridors.
QUINDÍO. Suscriptores con acceso dedicado a internet según municipio
Número de suscriptores con acceso fijo a Internet por municipios del Quindio, según los datos reportados por los proveedores
Radioactive Materials Licensees
This dataset contains the list of facilities that hold radioactive material licenses in New York State, including: mailing address, radiation safety officer, and contact information. Excluding businesses that use radioactive materials in a commercial application, businesses located in New York City are not represented by these data. For more information, visit https://www.health.ny.gov/radiation.
CDOT Revenues
Revenues for Colorado Department of Transportation for the current and previous state fiscal year.
DIRECTORIO DE HOTELES DEL MUNICIPIO DE PUERTO LOPEZ
Directorio de hoteles
Tacoma Police Community Liaison Officer / Substations
The Community Policing Division, under the command of Captain Shawn Stringer, is responsible for coordinating proactive policing of the City in partnership with the community.  The Community Policing Division is comprised of four Sector Lieutenants and 16 Community Liaison Officers, the Gang Unit, the School Resource Unit, and the Animal Control Unit.  For more information, please visit the Tacoma Community Liaison Officer website at http://www.cityoftacoma.org/government/city_departments/police/operations_bureau/community_policing_division/
SFEC Form 3620 - Donors of Behested Payments Report - Filings
On January 1, 2019, new local laws went into effect that established new requirements for behested payment reports. If behested payments are made at a City officer’s behest, the donors and recipients of such payments may be required to file public disclosures regarding the payments.  A donor must file Form SFEC-3620 if he or she makes a behested payment, or series of behested payments in a single calendar year of $10,000 or more at the behest of an officer. The donor only needs to make this disclosure if the donor is an “interested party” in a proceeding involving the officer that solicited the payment(s).  If a donor has previously filed a Form SFEC-3.620 and during the same calendar year, subsequently makes an additional behested payment at the behest of the same officer, the donor must file an additional For SFEC-3.620 only if the donor has become involved in additional proceedings or made additional contacts that were not disclosed pursuant to section 3.620(a)(1)-(3) on the initial Form SFEC-3.620.  Each row on this table represents the contents of a Form 3620 filed with the Ethics Commission. There is one sub-tables of information on Form 3620, "Payee Information", that is parsed into a separate dataset "SFEC Form 3620 - Donors of Behested Payments Report - Payees" at https://data.sfgov.org/City-Management-and-Ethics/SFEC-Form-3620-Donors-of-Behested-Payments-Report-/kjzi-iji7. Join this dataset with the sub-table using the DocuSignID.
Restaurantes del Municipio de Suárez - Tolima
Este conjunto de datos contiene la información de los restaurantes ubicados en el Municipio de Suárez-Tolima
County Expenditure Data Utah 2012
This data set contains checkbook expenditure data for Utah's 29 counties for fiscal year 2012.  This data was migrated from Tranparent.Utah.gov.
Mejoramiento infraestructura educativa Tuluá
Mejoramiento infraestructura de las Instituciones Educativas públicas del Municpio de Tuluá
Agenda de Especialistas Mensual
DISPONIBILIDAD DE MÉDICOS ESPECIALISTAS DEL HOSPITAL REGIONAL DEL LIBANO E.S.E PARA LOS MESES DEL AÑO
UBICACIÓN DE ZONAS AMARILLAS EN MUNICIPIO DE CHÍA
Descripción de las ubicaciones de zonas amarillas de uso exclusivo de vehículos de transporte individual de pasajeros, tipo taxi en el municipio de Chía
Chicago Public Schools - High School Progress Report (2013-2014)
This dataset shows the 2013 School Progress Report Card data elements for each CPS high school. The report card is an annual summary of how the school is doing. For more information on the School Progress Report Cards, please see http://www.cps.edu/SCHOOLDATA/Pages/SchoolProgressReports.aspx
EMS - Monthly Finance Measures
This table contains performance data related to ATCEMS revenue collection processes.  When using this data for research or other purposes, please cite it as:  Emergency Medical Services Department. (2017). EMS - Monthly Finance Measures [Data set]. City of Austin, Texas Open Data Portal. https://doi.org/10.26000/001.000008.  Since this table is updated on a monthly basis, include the date that the table was accessed in the citation.
2013-2017 American Community Survey Detailed Census Tract Data
DETAILED CHARACTERISTICS OF PEOPLE AND HOUSING FOR INDIVIDUAL 2010 CENSUS TRACT PORTIONS INSIDE OR OUTSIDE KCMO - Some demographic data are from the 2010 Census while other data are from the 2013-2017 American Community Survey (ACS). The ACS replaces what until 2000 was the Long Form of the census; both have been based on surveys of a partial sample of people. The ACS sample is so small that surveys from five years must be combined to be reliable. The 2013-2017 ACS is the most recent grouping of 5 years of data. ACS data have been proportioned to conform with 2010 Census total population and total households.
February 2017 ecanvass
February 2017 ecanvass
Bronx Public School Standardized Math Scores 2009
Grades 3-8 test scores for Math.
Regiotram de Occidente
Datos Generales Regiotram de Occidente
Transporte Terrestre Automotor Especial de Cali
Datos básicos de empresas de transporte terrestre automotor especial en Santiago de Cali (Nombre de establecimiento, dirección, correo, teléfono de contacto, Categoría).
ZONAS WIFI GRATUITO
ZONAS DE ACCESO A INTERNET GRATUITO EN EL MUNICIPIO
2018 Municipal Election Candidates
Official list of candidates for the 2018 City of Winnipeg Municipal Election.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS085
Driver Feedback Sign DFS085  Latitude: 53.56044 Longitude: -113.49359  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
FUNCIONARIOS ALCALDÍA DE TAMALAMEQUE
Contacte a los diferentes funcionarios de la Alcaldía de Tamalameque Cesar
Indice De Información Clasificada Y Reservada - CNSC
De conformidad con lo requerido en la Ley 1712 de 2014, la Comisión Nacional del Servicio Civil pone a disposición de la Ciudadanía el Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada.
Major Water Sources in Iowa - Lakes
The Major Water Sources list was created by IDNR to address concerns that new confinements would be constructed within view of "floatable/canoeable" rivers. The definition of major water source in Iowa Administrative Code - Natural Resource Commission - Chapter 65 is: "a water source that is a lake, reservoir, river or stream located within the territorial limits of the state, or any marginal river area adjacent to the state, if the water source is capable of supporting a floating vessel capable of carrying one or more persons during a total of a six month period in one out of ten years, excluding periods of flooding." The list was created by getting the counties to identify "canoeable" streams and with additional input from DNR staff.
University of Canberra Arboretum Data
UC has placed three IOT devices in Arboretum to capture data regarding temperature, the voltage for different nodes.
Alcaldes del Municipio de Pijao Desde el Año 1927
Nombres de las personas que han sido alcaldes del municipio de Pijao desde el año 1927
Secretaria TIC - Programas y Servicios
Secretaria TIC - Programas y Servicios, programas AdulTICo, Niños Programadores, entre otros
Local Law 37 - DHS Report
The DHS Local Law 37 report provides aggregate information on individuals and families that utilize DHS services including data on length of stay and shelter applications.  For DYCD Report please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Social-Services/Local-Law-37-of-2011-DYCD/2232-dj5q">this link</a>. For HPD Report please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Housing-Development/Local-Law-37-HPD-Monthly-Shelter-Census-Report/mdht-5s6e">this link</a>. For HRA Report please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Social-Services/Local-Law-37-Report/e4ty-r26d"> this link</a>.
Salud -Tasa de Mortalidad Neonatal en Bolívar de 2010 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar la Tasa de Mortalidad Neonatal de 2010 a 2018 en el Departamento de Bolívar , Por Año, Por Municipios. Fuente Númerador: Estadísticas Vitales - Defunciones no fetales - DANE "Número de muertes de nacidos vivos en los primeros 28 días de vida". Fuente Denominador: Estadísticas Vitales - Nacidos Vivos-DANE. Forma de Calculo:Numerador/denominador*1.000
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of November 2017.</p>
Pedestrian Collision Injuries
Annual pedestrian collision injuries in Calgary resulting in emergency department visit or hospital admission, based on the type of collision.
Lobbyist Data - Historical - Lobbyist Termination Report - 2010
All lobbyist termination fillings submitted to the Board of Ethics and electronically transcribed by Board of Ethics employees during the 2010 reporting period. /   When a lobbyist terminates all activity that requires registration, the lobbyist must file a termination notice and a final activity report that covers the period between the most recently filed activity report and the date of termination.  Data for the 2010 reporting period is limited because previous policy did not require the Board of Ethics to prioritize the reporting of all data available from paper filings. /    Data Owner:  Board of Ethics   [http://j.mp/mbH9BN] /  Time Period: January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010 /  Related Applications:  Registered Lobbyist List [http://j.mp/l8LwAq],   2011 Lobbyist Termination Report  [http://j.mp/kT56zH]
ESTADÍSTICA RÉGIMEN  SUBSIDIADO A MARZO DE 2017 RAMIRIQUI ...
ESTADÍSTICA RÉGIMEN  SUBSIDIADO A MARZO DE 2017 EN EL MUNICIPIO DE RAMIRIQUI
Resultados Presidencia Primera Vuelta 2014
Resultados basados en el archivo "PRE 1 ERA VUELTA MMV 2014.xlsx" de la Registraduría Nacional del Estado Civil.
City Vehicles Fuel Consumption - October 2011 to Present
Fuel consumption of city vehicles by month - by department - by fuel type (Including General Government and Gainesville Regional Utilities).
Restaurantes del Municipio de Villanueva Casanare
Listado de Restaurantes del Municipio de Villanueva Casanare según información suministrada por la Oficina de Camara de Comercio de Casanare a fecha 31/10/2018.
Poverty by the 7 County Metro Region Data
Dataset showing the percent of residents in poverty by county. Following the Office of Management and Budget’s (OMB’s) Directive 14, the Census Bureau uses a set of money income thresholds that vary by family size and composition to determine who is in poverty. If the total income for a family or unrelated individual falls below the relevant poverty threshold, then the family (and every individual in it) or unrelated individual is considered in poverty.
City Golf Courses
List of golf courses in Edmonton
Comités Interinstitucionales de Educación Ambiental Municipal (CIDEAM)
Comités Interinstitucionales de Educación Ambiental Municipal (CIDEAM) conformados en los 80 municipios de la jurisdicción Corantioquia
Farm Plots Survey for Agriculture for Children's Empowerment (ACE) in Liberia- Household Member Endline Dataset
The STRIVE project, funded by USAID's Displaced Children and Orphans Fund (DCOF) and managed by FHI 360, used market-led economic strengthening initiatives to improve the well-being of vulnerable children. Through STRIVE, ACDI/VOCA  implemented the Agriculture for Children’s Empowerment (ACE) Project in Liberia, which is founded on the premise that increased household economic security will stimulate more consistent investments in children’s well being via longer term social investments in education and nutrition.  ACE’s primary focus was on the horticulture value chain (VC) — the production and marketing of vegetables by smallholder farmers in Montserrado, Bong, and Nimba counties of Liberia. ACE also strengthened smallholder rice farming to increase household food security using a market-sensitive approach to rice seed lending and cultivation.  This dataset contains information about members of each household surveyed.
Transit Ridership
Total Ridership by Fiscal Year
WAT Owners Shift Reimbursement 2019
This data set provides the total amount of reimbursements paid per wheelchair accessible taxi (WAT) owner for shifts operated between January 1 and December 30, 2019. Owners were paid $15/shift operated from the City of Seattle Wheelchair Accessible Services Fund.
Program Expenditures Measure K Housing data
Data for PHPP dashboard
Household Population Projections for Non-Hispanic White and All Other by Age, Sex and Race
Household Population Projections for Maryland and the jurisdictions - by age, sex and race projections out to 2045. Projections prepared by the Maryland Department of Planning, August 2018
NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission authorized Dispatch Service Providers (DSP)
A Dispatch Service Provider (DSP) can dispatch trips on behalf of the FHV (For-Hire-Vehicle) Base.
Salaries: ESD: Willamette: Fiscal Year 2013
Salaries for Willamette ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
Part D Prescriber National Summary Report, Calendar Year 2015
The Part D Prescriber National Summary Report, Calendar Year 2015 provides information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP).  The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name.  For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost.  The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.
Empresas de Transporte Terrestre, Aéreo y Fluvial del Municipio de San José del Guaviare
Listado de las empresas que prestan el servicio de transporte terrestre, aéreo y fluvial de pasajeros en el municipio de San José del Guaviare.
Environmental Nuisance Docket 7-16-2019
Environmental Nuisance Docket from City of Montgomery City Council Public Hearing on 7-16-2019. Resolution adopted for the abatement of all present nuisance ordinance violations.
Registro de Activos de información RTVC
Registro de Activos de información RTVC
Violent Crime Rates with Comparisons
Violent crime rates for Everett, Snohomish County, Washington State, and the US as reported  by the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) program. The violent crime rate is defined as the number of reported violent  crimes per 100,000 residents. Violent crime figures include the offenses of murder, rape, robbery, and aggravated assault. Note that UCR does not report county-level population data. County population figures come from the US Census Bureau's American Community Survey.
True Tax 2019 - 2020
This dataset reflects the "true tax" of assessed properties in the City of Buffalo before exemptions are applied. The dataset is a snapshot in time based on the property's inventory as of taxable status date of 12/01/2017 and the finalized assessments as of the final assessment roll filed on 03/01/2019 and only includes City tax rates.  Though all property is assessed, not all of it is taxable. Some properties, such as those owned by religious organizations or governments are completely exempt from paying property taxes. Others are partially exempt, such as veterans who qualify for an exemption on part of their homes, and homeowners who are eligible for the School Tax Relief (STAR) program.
Unemployment Rate
Per capita income data from the US Census Bureau's American Community Survey. Data is provided for the City of Everett, Snohomish County, Washington State, and US, as well as all census tracts within  Everett.
Instituciones Educativas Departamento del Guaviare
Instituciones Educativas Departamento del Guaviare
2011 Primary - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
August 2011 primary election; final/official results by precinct.
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Private Sector Survey 2019 - Module K Access to Finance
This data asset contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2019 annual results survey of private sector firms assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using one level of stratification, firm type. Firms were selected from five different categories: Processor, Buyer, Local input supplier, Regional input supplier, Finance provider, and Other service provider. In total, 321 firms were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic identifying data on the firm. Module B captures information on the proprietors. Modules C, D, E, F, G and H capture data on sales of products and services. Module I captures information on business practices. Module J captures information on production costs. Module K captures information on access to finance.
Vacants to Value - Middle Market
Transitional blocks are predominantly occupied but are challenged by a small number of vacant, boarded buildings. http://www.baltimorehousing.org/vacants_to_value.aspx
Merced County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Merced County.
2016 Primary - Election Night Results Abstract by Precinct
August 2016 election; election night results report by precinct.
Concejo Municipal de Santa Barbara
Listado Conformación Concejo Municipal de Santa Barbara
Reservas De Petroleo
​​La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades Se consideran "reservas probadas" a las que es posible extraer de manera rentable con la tecnología actual, teniendo en cuenta el precio del petróleo. Estas estimaciones se realizan a partir de análisis geológicos y de ingeniería, por lo que las cantidades fijadas gozan de un alto grado de confianza. El dato de una vigencia se actualiza en el primer cuatrimestre del año siguiente a la vigencia vencida.
Rocky Mountain Big Horn Sheep Hunt Harvest 2011
Rocky Mountain Big Horn Sheep Hunt Harvest 2011
Servicios Prestados por el INM entre 2012-2015
Listado de Servicios Prestados por el Instituto Nacional de Metrología entre los años 2012-2015
2014 Green Taxi Trip Data
This dataset includes trip records from all trips completed in green taxis in NYC in 2014.  Records include fields capturing pick-up and drop-off dates/times, pick-up and drop-off locations, trip distances, itemized fares, rate types, payment types, and driver-reported passenger counts. The data used in the attached datasets were collected and provided to the NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) by technology providers authorized under the Livery Passenger Enhancement Program (LPEP).  The  trip data was not created by the TLC, and TLC makes no representations as to the accuracy of these data.
ESTADÍSTICAS DE LAS PERSONAS ATENDIDAS EL ÚLTIMO AÑO, DISCRIMINADAS POR EL TIPO DE BENEFICIO QUE RECIBIÓ
Presenta información de las personas atendidas en el marco del  proceso de reintegración durante el último año, discriminados por el tipo de beneficio económico al que accedieron, de acuerdo a la Resolución 0754 de 2013 modificada por la Resolución 1356 de 2016 de la ARN.
Amtrak Stations in Opportunity Zones
An Opportunity Zone is an economically distressed community where new investments, under certain conditions, may be eligible for preferential tax treatment. The Department of Transportation has identified transportation assets that fall within Opportunity Zones with the goal of driving investment of all types to these important areas. This dataset identifies Amtrak Stations in Opportunity Zones, and Amtrak Stations within a quarter-mile and half-mile of Opportunity Zones.
FPPC 803 - Behested Payment Report
[Deprecation warning] As of December 2018, Please visit https://sfethics.org/disclosures/city-officer-disclosure/payments-made-at-the-behest-of-an-elected-officer to view new Form 803 filings --- In accordance with the California Government Code section 82015, payments made at the behest of elected officials are presumed not to be contributions if they meet the following guidelines:(a) the payments are made principally for legislative, governmental, or charitable purposes, and(b) the payments are made principally for purposes unrelated to the official's candidacy for elected office.Although such payments are not contributions, they MUST BE REPORTED on the Report of Payments Made at the Behest of an Elected Officer form to the elected officer's agency within 30 days after the total payments made by a single source equal to or exceed $5,000 in a calendar year. The agency must forward a copy of the report to the Ethics Commission within 30 days of its receipt.After the $5,000 threshold is met for a particular calendar year, all subsequent payments made by the same source during the calendar year must be reported by the elected officer within 30 days after the date the payment is made.These reports are public records.  The table includes all FPPC 803 forms filed with the Ethics Commission from April 20, 2015 to March 2018.
FOIA Request Log - Zoning and Land Use Planning - Historical
FOIA requests received by Zoning and Land Use Planning from May 1, 2010-December 31, 2010; For requests made after January 1, 2011, please see Housing & Economic Development FOIA Request Log  at https://data.cityofchicago.org/Government/FOIA-Request-Log-Housing-And-Economic-Development/5ztz-espx
Crime Data from 2020 to Present
This dataset reflects incidents of crime in the City of Los Angeles dating back to 2020. This data is transcribed from original crime reports that are typed on paper and therefore there may be some inaccuracies within the data. Some location fields with missing data are noted as (0°, 0°). Address fields are only provided to the nearest hundred block in order to maintain privacy. This data is as accurate as the data in the database. Please note questions or concerns in the comments.
Constant Contact Subscribers
The City issues press releases and service notifications through a Constant Contact email distribution list. This measure tracks the numbers of subscribers that have signed up to receive emails from the City of Janesville Press Release list.
Affordable Care Act Enrollment By Zip Code Utah Dec 2014
This data set contains Affordable Care Act enrollment by Zip Code in Utah
Instituciones Educativas de Tununguá - Boyacá
Información en donde usted podrá evidenciar los datos básicos de las Instituciones Educativas del muncipio Tununguá - Boyacá
Dependencia Orden de prestación de servicios 2019-1
Dependencia, oficina, área en la cual prestan los servicios las OPS
Vital Signs: Daily Miles Traveled - Bay Area (total)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Daily Miles Traveled (T14)  FULL MEASURE NAME Total vehicle miles traveled  LAST UPDATED July 2017  DESCRIPTION Daily miles traveled, commonly referred to as vehicle miles traveled (VMT), reflects the total and per-person number of miles traveled in personal vehicles on a typical weekday. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional and county tables for total vehicle miles traveled.  DATA SOURCE California Department of Transportation: California Public Road Data/Highway Performance Monitoring System 2001-2015 http://www.dot.ca.gov/hq/tsip/hpms/datalibrary.php  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Vehicle miles traveled reflects the mileage accrued within the county and not necessarily the residents of that county; even though most trips are due to local residents, additional VMT can be accrued by through-trips. City data was thus discarded due to this limitation and the analysis only examine county and regional data, where through-trips are generally less common.  The metropolitan area comparison was performed by summing all of the urbanized areas for which the majority of its population falls within a given metropolitan area (9-nine region for the San Francisco Bay Area and the primary MSA for all others). For the metro analysis, no VMT data is available in rural areas; it is only available for intraregional analysis purposes.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Asian/Pacific Islander (API) Distribution: Percent of Total Population
This indicator provides the percent of each API race as a distribution of the total population.  Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B01001, B02015, B02016.
Emergency Department Visits and Admissions for Influenza-like Illness and/or Pneumonia
Total emergency department visits, and visits and admissions for influenza-like and/or pneumonia illness by modified ZIP code tabulation area of patient residence.
Hipótesis accidentalidad 2017 2019
Suposición hecha a partir de  datos suministrados por los Formularios de Accidentalidad que sirve de base para iniciar una investigación o una argumentación.
Bronx Police Facilities
All police stations, police service areas, and other facilities in the Bronx. Refer to types :2001, 2002, 2011 in attached SelFac_datainfo.pdf
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACIÓN ANTIOQUIA JUNIO-2019
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de junio de 2019 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Honduras, 2014 - Data
A part of the 2014 round of public opinion surveys implemented by LAPOP, the Honduras survey was carried out between March 8th and May 9th of 2014.  It is a follow-up of the national surveys of 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2012.  The 2014 survey was conducted with the field work being carried out by Le Vote. Funding came from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID).
Groundwater Chemistry in Ramotswa, Botswana - Groundwater Dissolved Gases Concentrations
Date of analysis 17 March 2017. Analyzed at Kellogg Biological Station Long Term Ecological Research Lab. Each sample is 10 mL of gas in a 3mL glass vial. The 10 mL of gas comes from 30 mL of groundwater shaken with 30 mL of air for 5 minutes inside a gas tight syringe.
Vacancies by Age of Building for Colorado 2016
Average rents and vacancies distributed by age of building structure for regions across Colorado dating back to 2006 as defined by the Colorado Department of Local Affairs Housing Division (DOLA).
Listado Escenarios Deportivos Municipio de Tangua - Nariño
Listado Escenarios Deportivos Municipio de Tangua - Nariño 2019
Violent Crime & Property Crime by Municipality: 2000 to Present
The data are provided are the Maryland Statistical Analysis Center (MSAC), within the Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention (GOCCP). MSAC, in turn, receives these data from the Maryland State Police's annual Uniform Crime Reports.
2013-2017 ELA Test Results by Grade - Citywide - All
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of English Language Arts for grades 3 through 8 by year and following categories (all students, ethnicity, econ_status, gender, Ever_ELL, students with disabilities).
Fire Incidents 01012012 to 12312013
All Fire Incidents January 1, 2012 to December 31,2013
Instituciones educativas Villarrica tolima
base de datos con los estudiantes de villarrica tolima
2014 Net Grand List by Town
The Grand List is the aggregate valuation of taxable property within a given town. The Total Net Grand Lists by Town Data includes a breakdown for taxable categories and exemptions under the following column headings:    Town Name, Residential, Commercial, Industrial, Public Utility, Vacant, Land Use, 10 Mill Forest, Apartments, Total Real, Real Exemptions, Total Net Real, Motor Vehicles, MV Exemptions, Total Net MV, Personal Property, Personal Property Exemptions, Total Net Personal Property, Total Net Grand List    Additional columns have been provided for detailed information regarding types of motor vehicles and personal property.
Board of Ethics -- 2011 Monthly  Board of Ethics Statistics
Updated 11/1/2011.  Monthly file that represents Ethics Statistics on Training Seminars, Employees Trained, Inquiries (Pre-Bid Meetings included), New Investigations, Advisory Opinions Issued, Vendor Compliance Audit, Lobbyist Expense Audit, and Pplitical Contributions Audit
State Summary of Outpatient Charge Data by select 32 APCs, CY2014
The Outpatient Utilization and Payment state summary data presents information on common outpatient services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient PUF presents information on utilization, payment, and estimated hospital-specific charges for 32 Ambulatory Payment Classification (APC) Groups paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for Calendar Year (CY) 2014. The Medicare payment amount includes the APC payment amount, the beneficiary Part B coinsurance amount and the beneficiary deductible amount.
Cantidad de habitantes por vereda y genero pertenecientes al sisben del Municipio de Tununguá
Contiene la información de la cantidad de personas dividida en rangos y en veredas que se encuentran en el sisben.
[ARCHIVED] Health Statistics Cancer Rates by Gender 2003
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports cancer rates by primary site and sex.  Geographies available: county, district health authorities
2015 San Diego Demographics - County Population by Age and Gender
Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B01001.
FY2015 F65 City
F-65 Data Summary Cities 2015
1940 City Field Assessment Records
Abstract: This digitized collection contains approximately 90,000 images of Residential Assessment Records (a.k.a. “field cards”) created by the Tax Assessors Department of the City of Providence, Rhode Island. These cards contain information on structural conditions of buildings (e.g., grades of condition for foundations, walls, roofs, building materials, etc.) organized by, street address, and plat & lot number within the City of Providence.  The verso of these cards contains structural diagrams, land valuations, and cost computations.  -----------------------------------------------------------  Finding aid:  Providence City Field Assessment Records   -----------------------------------------------------------    Series 1: 1940  -----------------------------------------------------------    Creator: Providence City Archives  ------------------------------------------------------------    Language of materials: English  ------------------------------------------------------    Repository: Providence City Archives  -------------------------------------------------------  Record Group Number: RG 131.3  --------------------------------------------------------  Scope and Content: The field cards were developed as a measure to accurately grade the value of a structure for tax purposes within the City of Providence.  The strength of the collection, contemporarily, concerns the sections under “Land Valuation” on the verso of the digitized documents, particularly the status for which a building was zoned for (eg., house, apartment, industrial, or commercial structure, etc.).  This information helps distinguish the maximum amount of tenants a residential building can have within code. Other areas of interest include quality assessments from building materials to structural condition (eg., cost computation of values before and after deductions of existing conditions and improvements of a structure).   -------------------------------------------------------------  Arrangement: The field cards are digitized and arranged in the Socrata database system accessed by address + plat/lot.   ------------------------------------------------------------------  Access to the collection: There are no restrictions to access.   ---------------------------------------------------------------------  Use of materials: The materials are within public domain. However, researchers are kindly asked to cite the Providence City Archives if reproduced.  -----------------------------------------------------------------  Preferred citation:  Residential Assessment Records, RG131.3, Providence City Archives.
Parque Automotor Floridablanca 2018
Informe del parque automotor año 2018
Valor facturado por usuario, Ene/20
Presenta los datos del valor facturado por el servicio de alcantarillado por usuario y uso legal en el mes de enero de 2020.
Instituciones educativas del municipio de Aratoca
informacion general de las instituciones educativas del municipio de Aratoca
EMS - FY2017 Safety Report Risk Levels
This table shows safety data for FY2017. It has been uploaded to support the ATCEMS annual report.
Standard Income Statement 2014-15
The Income Statement is an accrual-based statement prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and generally adopted accounting principles. It includes non-cash items such as depreciation charges but does not include capital items such as capital works funding. While all due care has been taken in providing these figures, some errors and discrepancies may be present.
MFD Actions
The percentage of procurement actions that went to minority, female, or disabled (MFD) businesses. To see the full report, go to http://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/pro/PRONumbers.html
2015 - 2016 Audited Register Data
Official audited register by school.
Steam Consumption by ZIP Code - 2010
2010 steam consumption in mlbs and Mg, by ZIP code and building type.
Municipal Revenue (Grants_ User Fees_ and Other Municipalities) by Functional Category
A selection of FIR Data
Cobertura Bruta
Corresponde al número total de estudiantes matriculados en el sistema educativo oficial independiente de la edad que tengan
Evaluaciones Agropecuarias Municipales EVA
Base histórica de los años 2007 a 2018, relacionada con la producción agrícola Nacional, adicionalmente, brinda a los diversos actores con especial énfasis en los productores, información agrícola regional y nacional que fortalece procesos productivos y de comercialización.
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS DEL MUNICIPIO DE YOTOCO
información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Municipio de Yotoco.
Second Hand Personal Property
Names of Businesses Selling Second Hand Goods  Update Frequency:  Semi-Annually
HSA Measure A Datasheet _Motel Voucher Program
Semi-Annual Dataset to report on Measure A initiative for Motel Voucher Program
Listado de Hoteles -Tunja
En este formato se almacenan los datos de los hoteles de la ciudad de Tunja.
Indice de informacion reservada y clasificada de TRANSELCA
Inventario de información pública que ha sido calificada como reservada y clasificada
Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos de Enero a Diciembre de 2018
Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos de Enero a Diciembre de 2018
QAC Expenditures FY16 Through PD12
Expenditures through June 14, 2016
INFORME PQRSF ENERO A MAYO DE 2016 - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
Consolidado de las PQRSFD (peticiones, quejas, reclamos, sugerencias, felicitaciones y denuncias) que los ciudadanos radican en la oficina de atención ciudadana dirigidas a las diferentes dependencias de la Alcaldía de Tunja
Areas de Exploracion y Explotacion de Hidrocarburos
​​La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades.
Water Resources Preventive and Corrective Work Orders
The following data displays all of the preventive and corrective work orders at the Water Resource Department. The provided data is from 10/01/2018 to Current Date and is updated on a daily basis. The date column is based on the actual finished date of each of the work order task and its only showing finished work order tasks. The divisions are classified based on the crews assigned to respective division as for special projects such as customer funded the department field in empty in Work and Asset Management (WAM) system.   The data set can be filtered down to each individual division to measure their respective preventive vs corrective work performed as classified in the Work Type columns. As each division reports preventive and corrective work differently the type is classified differently for all divisions. WRF/WTD classifies the work based on the type field, WSM classifies it based on work class category and WWM is based on failure codes.  The Budget column represents the burden or overhead charges associated with that task and costs have to be posted in WAM in order for it to have any values. Labor hours are the approved time sheets that are entered in WAM.
Asociaciones y Agremiaciones San José Caldas
Asociaciones y Agremiaciones del Municipio de San José Caldas
Indice de Información Clasificada del Hospital San José E.S.E. Mariquita
El Índice de información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el Hospital san Jose, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada
Docentes catedráticos por genero 2019-2
Genero de los docentes catedráticos sin repetir
Electronic Health Record Hospital Payment Recipients Sept 2015
The dataset consists of details of the payments made by the Utah Medicaid Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive program to healthcare professionals and hospitals. Authorized by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009, this program provides multi-year financial incentives to Eligible Professionals (EP) and Eligible Hospitals (EH) who adopt, implement, or upgrade, and subsequently demonstrate meaningful use, of certified Electronic Health Records (EHR) technology.   In compliance with the HITECH Act's requirement, CMS has posted the names, business phone numbers, and business addresses of Medicare eligible professionals (EPs), eligible hospitals, and critical access hospitals (CAHs) that have successfully demonstrated meaningful use and received a payment. Medicare EPs, eligible hospitals, and CAH's were able to verify and edit their business phone numbers and addresses during the registration process. CMS has not posted information on group practices, as incentive payments are not provided at the group practice level.
PQSDA Fogafín
Peticiones, quejas y reclamos atendidos por Fogafín
Kiss And Ride Locations
This dataset contains the locations and descriptions of Kiss and Ride parking bays which are located near public transport stops. Vehicles can park in the kiss and ride parking bays for a short time for pick up or drop off (up to 2 minutes while you remain with your vehicle).   During Light Rail service disruptions, these facilities will be converted into temporary replacement bus stops.    A link to more information will be provided once published on the Transport Canberra website.
Hospitals in the Partnership for Patients&#x27; Hospital Improvement Innovation Networks (HIINs)
List of the over 4,000 hospitals working within the Hospital Improvement Innovation Networks (HIINs) as part of the Partnership for Patients Initiative.
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2006
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2006
Incident Management C
The total number of special event request forms received per year. The forms are required for any non-budgeted special event that requires Town staff support and resources.
Veredas Municipio de Cravo Norte - Arauca
Se relacionan las 19 Veredas del Municipio de Cravo Norte en el Departamento de Arauca
Public Health Statistics - Prenatal care in Chicago, by year, 1999 – 2009
This dataset contains the annual number and percent of live births by the trimester in which the mother began prenatal care, with corresponding 95% confidence intervals, by Chicago community area, for the years 1999 – 2009.  See full description at http://bit.ly/KcmIg2
2012-2014 Graffiti Audit
In 2010, Capital City Clean Up initiated a Graffiti Vandalism Audit to assess the amount of graffiti vandalism found in the neighbourhoods in Edmonton with the highest reported incidences of graffiti.  A follow-up audit was completed in the following years to determine if there were significant changes to the amount of graffiti found.  This data set is result of  2012, 2013 and 2014 Graffiti Vandalism Audits. You can see the 2014 report at: http://www.edmonton.ca/programs_services/documents/2014GraffitiVandalismAuditReport.pdf
Pending Basemap Updates
Official parcel boundaries pending recorded Covenants, Conditions & Restrictions (CC&R) maintained by San Francisco Public Works
Directorio de Juntas de Acción Comunal Urbanas del Municipio de Ocaña.
Información Básica de las Juntas de Acción Comunal de la Zona Urbana del Municipio de Ocaña
Maryland Federal Government Expenditures and Obligations in Current Dollars: 2000-2010
Federal Government Expenditures and Obligations in Maryland and its Jurisdictions from 2000 to 2010. Data prepared by MDP, from Consolidated Federal Funds Reports, Fiscal Years 2000-2010.
Ethiopia Pastoralist Areas Resilience Improvement and Market Expansion (PRIME) Project IE--Household Rosters
This dataset contains the data describing the household roster collected as part of the baseline survey generated in support of an impact evaluation of the Ethiopia Pastoralist Areas Resilience Improvement and Market Expansion (PRIME) Project.
Amount Of CO2 Generated by LADWP
The State of California has adopted targets to reduce Green House Gas (GHG) emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 and to ultimately achieve an 80% reduction from 1990 levels by 2050.  GHG reduction efforts from the electricity sector, including LADWP, are a critical component in meeting these targets.
Contracts: ESD: Clackamas: Fiscal Year 2014
Summary of contracts for Clackamas ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
Juntas de Acción Comunales
Juntas de Acción Comunales
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Colombia, 2010 - Data: Section 1
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Colombia as part of its 2010 round surveys.   The 2010 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and Universidad de los Andes, and the Observatorio de la Democracia with the field work being carried out by the Centro Nacional de Consultoría. In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
Office of Hearings and Mediation Services (OHMS) Docket Management System: Beginning 2005
The docket management system is a database of cases that have been referred to OHMS for public hearings or other action by an administrative law judge and a decision by the Commissioner of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. The docket contains cases that were open on or after January 1, 2005.
Tasa de mortalidad por tumor maligno del cuello del útero CIE: C53, Colombia y sus departamentos 2005 – 2018
Tasa de mortalidad por tumor maligno del cuello del útero CIE: C53, Colombia y sus departamentos 2005 – 2018.
HFD Response Under 4 minutes 1/1/2012 - Current
This data is being used for our HartStat application to track Fire Department response times 4 minutes and under. Updated nightly
FY2014 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Forest Products Processing
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/dataset/FY-2014-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report/5ihe-rmwc
Arumowot Virus Ar 1286‐64 Complete RNA Gene Sequence Data
The University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) was awarded a 5 year Cooperative Agreement in September, 2013 to develop and evaluate the Rift Valley Fever (RVF) MP‐12 and derivative vaccine candidates for protecting livestock in Tanzania. Animals like cattle, goat and sheep play a major role in initiating and maintaining the RVF epidemic transmission cycle. This project proposed developing RVF arMP12‐NSm‐del as a Differentiating Infected from Vaccinated Animals (DIVA) animal vaccine for use in Africa to help prevent outbreaks and spread of RVF by vaccination of animals in endzootic zones. This will help reduce the human exposure to the disease and is expected to improve overall public health and reduce economic losses by limiting the extent, severity and duration of an outbreak.
Spending Information for FY 2018
This dataset allows you to view information about government spending. Disclosure of payments is based on the legislative requirements of CB-19-2011 which can be accessed via https://princegeorgescountymd.legistar.com/Legislation.aspx, which is an effort to provide enhanced transparency and convenient public access to this information. Certain expenditures are subject to review on a case-by-case basis to ensure that confidential or privileged material is maintained in accordance with legal requirements. As such, these expenditures may not appear on this website.    Unaudited data is updated quarterly for all payees with combined spending of $25,000 or more. When cumulative payee spending exceeds $25,000 threshold, all payments made during the Fiscal Year will be reported. Datasets, current and up to seven prior fiscal periods, will be available for your search by Fiscal Year. The following information will be displayed: Payee Name, County Agency Name, Payee Zip Code, Amount and Payment Description. Website options include: sorting, exporting data, creating graphs, and customizing your display format - among other features. There is an online tutorial.    If you have any questions or comments about this citizen portal site, please send an email at any time to: CountyClick311@co.pg.md.us, or call 3-1-1 (301-883-4748), Monday - Friday, 7am - 7pm, and a Customer Service Representative will be glad to assist you.
Incrementalchanges
Incremental changes
Open Police Disciplinary Appeals
This table shows all active disciplinary appeals for Seattle Police Department officers. The Seattle City Attorney's Office is responsible for handling all appeals of police discipline and sharing status updates with the Office of Police Accountability. Duplicate rows for a single OPA case number indicate more than one officer is appealing discipline for that case.
Distribution Of Utah Coal By Destination And Method Of Transportation T 2.15 2001
Distribution Of Utah Coal By Destination And Method Of Transportation T 2.15 2001
Cobertura Aseguramiento de Salud en Pereira
cifras de cobertura en aseguramiento de salud desde el año 2012 hasta la fecha
Morbilidad Urgencias 2019 Municipio Pitalito Huila ESE Hospital Departamental San Antonio de Pitalito
Perfil epidemiológico de la atención por consulta de urgencias de la población atendida en la ESE Hospital Departamental San Antonio.
Casos de Protección Social a Menores 2011-2012
Casos (Familias y Menores) de Protección Social a Menores por Tipología y Oficina Local. Año Fiscal 2011-2012.
Educational Attainment (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/juyq-ixr9/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Median Earnings of Creative Sector Occupations, CLL.B.1
Median earnings of creative sector occupations tells us how much Austin's artists, musicians, and related creative sector workers are earning per hour. It shows us whether our city's artists and creative sector workers can afford to live and work in Austin.   This data reflects metric CLL.B1 within the City of Austin's Strategic Direction 2023. This metric is meant to inform City efforts in pursuing the Culture and Lifelong Learning Strategic Outcome. The complete metric title is "Median earnings of metro-area creative sector occupations (as defined by specific Bureau of Labor Statistics Standard Occupational Classifications System [SOC] codes)"  Data was gathered directly from the Creative Vitality Suite (cvsuite.org), a subscription-based online research-based, economic development tool that provides creative economy data and reporting. Data extracted from CVSuite software's data analysis from the following sources: Economic Modeling Specialists International (EMSI), National Assembly of State Arts Agencies, National Center for Charitable Statistics.
Hoteles Municipio de Páramo Santander
Información de los Hoteles del Municipio de Páramo
Auditorías realizadas por la Contraloría Municipal de Bello  en la vigencia 2018
Procesos de Auditoría realizados por la Contraloría Municipal de Bello a las entidades sujetas de control y sus resultados en relación con hallazgos administrativos, con incidencia fiscal, penal y/o disciplinaria, y beneficios del control fiscal.
CalCOFI Larvae Counts, Scientific Names SB to SC
Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.
Animal Care - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the December 2015 (Part 1) Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=716&as=kP4zN8uI7V&t=1. Open from December 7 - 15, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1995 Insight Community Members. 691 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 35%. A total of 794 respondents completed the survey: 691 Insight Community Members and 103 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
ANM Plan Anual de Adquisiciones Consolidado
Reporte histórico de bienes y servicios contemplados a adquirir por parte de la ANM
Ubicación Puntos Vive Digital Municipio de Envigado
Aquí encontraras información y ubicaciones sobre los Puntos Vive Digitaldel municipio de Envigado
Total Income Parking Meter Data-  April Report 2017
All Parking income for the City Of Evanston
Administrativos por contrato por formación 2019-2
Formación académica de los contratistas administrativos para el periodo 2019-2
Community Health Survey
Summary results from NYC Community Health Survey 2010-2014: adults ages 18 years and older   Source: NYC Community Health Survey (CHS) 2010-14.  The Community Health Survey (CHS) includes self-reported data from adults, years 18 and older. CHS has included adults with landline phones since 2002 and, starting in 2009, also has included adults who can be reached by cell-phone.   Starting in 2011, CHS weighting methods were updated to use Census 2010 and additional demographic characteristics (http://www1.nyc.gov/assets/doh/downloads/pdf/epi/epiresearch-chsmethods.pdf ).     Data are age-adjusted to the US 2000 Standard Population.	  Data prepared by Bureau of Epidemiology Services, New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene    The New York City Community Health Survey (CHS) is a telephone survey conducted annually by the DOHMH, Division of Epidemiology, Bureau of Epidemiology Services. CHS provides robust data on the health of New Yorkers, including neighborhood, borough, and citywide estimates on a broad range of chronic diseases and behavioral risk factors. The data are analyzed and disseminated to influence health program decisions, and increase the understanding of the relationship between health behavior and health status. For more information see EpiQuery, https://a816-healthpsi.nyc.gov/epiquery/CHS/CHSXIndex.html
Local Law 50 New York State Food Purchasing FY15
Local Law 50 of 2011 required MOCS to establish guidelines for City agencies that assist in increasing the purchase of New York State food through food purchase and food-related services contracts. City agencies use the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets (NYSDAM) list of food items available from New York State sources.
Wyoming CV Pilot Traveler Information Message Sample (Schema Version 5)
This dataset contains a sample of the broadcast Traveler Information Messages (TIM) being generated by the Wyoming Connected Vehicle (CV) Pilot. The full set of TIMs can be found in the <a href='http://usdot-its-cvpilot-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html' target="_blank">ITS DataHub data sandbox</a>. </n></n> Revision Note: This dataset only contains TIM sample data prior to December 18, 2018. For the most recent sample of TIM data, please refer to the <a href="https://data.transportation.gov/Automobiles/-Dev-Wyoming-CV-Pilot-Traveler-Information-Message/6nxx-nmxk" target="_blank">Schema Version 6 dataset</a> or retrieve the data from the <a href='http://usdot-its-cvpilot-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html' target="_blank">ITS DataHub data sandbox</a>.
Tarifas mensuales para el servicio público de acueducto en el municipio de Gámbita Santander
Las siguientes tarifas después de subsidio y contribución para el servicio público de acueducto en el municipio
FY20 PMMR Agency Services and Goals
Services and goals for agencies as defined by the Preliminary Mayor's Management Report (PMMR).
RSK On-the-Job Injury Claims
Annual number of on-the-job injury claims
Dialysis Facility Compare - National Averages
National averages of common dialysis quality measures.
ENTIDADES DE EMERGENCIA DE EL ROSAL CUNDINAMARCA
ENTIDADES DE EMERGENCIA DE EL ROSAL CUNDINAMARCA
Commercial Site Development Plans
Commercial Site Development Plans
Residential Parking Zones
Locations of the Calgary Parking Authority Residential Parking Zones.
Pharmacies
List of geocoded businesses holding a "PHARMACY" license from Licenses and Credentials  recorded in Connecticut's eLicensing system.
2018-2019 Quality Review School List
A list of schools receiving Quality Reviews during the 2018-19 school year
Vital Signs: Time Spent in Congestion – by Corridor
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Time Spent In Congestion (T7)  FULL MEASURE NAME Congested delay on regional freeways  LAST UPDATED May 2017  DESCRIPTION Time spent in traffic congestion – also known as congested delay – refers to the number of minutes weekday travelers spend in congested conditions in which freeway speeds drop below 35 mph. Total delay, a companion measure, includes both congested delay and all other delay in which speeds are below the posted speed limit.  DATA SOURCE Metropolitan Transportation Commission/Iteris: Congested Corridor Analysis  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Delay statistics only include freeway facilities and rely upon INRIX traffic data. They reflect delay on a typical weekday, which is defined as Tuesday through Thursday during peak traffic months. Delay statistics emphasize recurring delay - i.e. consistent delay greater than 15 minutes on a specific freeway segment. Congested delay is defined as congestion occurring with speeds less than 35 mph and is commonly recognized as inefficient delay (meaning that the freeway corridor is operating at speeds low enough to reduce throughput - as opposed to speeds greater than 35 mph which increase throughput). Data sources listed above were used to calculate per-capita and per-worker statistics; national datasets were used for metro comparisons and California datasets were used for the Bay Area. Top congested corridors are ranked by total vehicle hours of delay, meaning that the highlighted corridors reflect a combination of slow speeds and heavy traffic volumes. Historical Bay Area data was estimated by MTC Operations staff using a combination of internal datasets to develop an approximate trend back to 1998. The metropolitan area comparison was performed for the combined primary urbanized areas (San Francisco-Oakland and San Jose) as well as nine other major metropolitan areas' core urbanized area. Because the Texas Transportation Institute no longer reports congested freeway delay or total freeway delay (focusing solely on total regional delay), 2011 data was used to estimate 2014 total freeway delay for each metro area by relying upon the freeway-to-regional ratio from 2011. Estimated urbanized area workers were used for this analysis using the 2011 ratios, which accounts for slight differentials between Bay Area data points under the regional historical data and the metro comparison analysis. To explore how 2016 congestion trends compare to real-time congestion on the region’s freeways, visit 511.org.
Comparendos de Transito de Armenia Quindio
Datos almacenados de enero de 2004 a junio de 2015
Chesapeake Bay Pollution Reduction Activities FY 2000 - FY 2014
This dataset tracks specific restoration actions undertaken by Maryland's state agencies.
Directorio Alcaldia Municipal de La Calera
Directorio con datos de contacto de cada una de las dependencias de la Alcaldía Municipal de La Calera
New York State Corporate Tax Credits by Basis of Taxation: Beginning Tax Year 2001
The Department of Taxation and Finance annually produces a mandated dataset of credit activity under the General Business Corporation Franchise Tax (Article 9‐A) to help analyze the effects of the claims.   The data used to generate this report come from an annual study file based on the latest available data drawn from New York State corporation tax returns.  The totals in the summary datasets may not match the detail datasets due to rounding and disclosure requirements.  The totals in the summary datasets may not match the detail data due to rounding and disclosure requirements.  Total values for numbers of taxpayers and amount of credit, in addition to mean and median credit, were computed using all taxpayers in the study file.    A series of datasets presents profiles of the credits distributed by different subgroupings. These include:  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit and component  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and basis of taxation.  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and NAICS industry description.    •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and the size of the credit used.    •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and the size of the entire net income of the taxpayer.      Secrecy provisions preclude providing all subgroupings for all credits and also generally require the omission of credit refund data.  These datasets only contains data for corporate franchise taxpayers filing under Article 9-A. It does not include statistics for taxpayers filing as banks under Article 32 (however, starting in 2015 banks and general business corporations will file under the same tax article, Article 9A), insurance companies filing under Article 33, or taxpayers filing under any of the various sections of Article 9. Nor does it provide data for taxpayers claiming credits under Article 22, the Personal Income Tax.  These taxpayers claim credit by virtue of being sole proprietors or as recipients of credit that originated with flow-through entities (i.e., S corporations, limited liability companies, or partnerships).
KPI | Crime Rate
Annual crime rates as incidents per 100,000 residents.  Includes violent and property index crimes for Fulton County over multiple years.
Tabla para gráfico de las Entidades Educativas del Departamento del Atlántico 2019
se elaboró la siguiente tabla para tener una visión gráfica de la cantidad de entidades educativas del Departamento del Atlántico a 2019.
Registros De Activos De Informacion
El Registro de Activos de Información es un inventario organizado de la información que se encuentra en posesión, custodia o bajo control de la entidad, independientemente del formato físico o electrónico. Es útil para identificar la información que posee la entidad y en dónde puede ser consultada, ayuda a preservar la memoria institucional y por tanto facilita la continuidad en los procesos administrativos y de gestión
Commuter Rail Stations in Opportunity Zones
An Opportunity Zone is an economically distressed community where new investments, under certain conditions, may be eligible for preferential tax treatment. The Department of Transportation has identified transportation assets that fall within Opportunity Zones with the goal of driving investment of all types to these important areas. This dataset identifies Commuter Rail Stations in Opportunity Zones, and Commuter Rail Stations within a quarter-mile and half-mile of Opportunity Zones.
Instituciones Educativas Montería con Coordenadas
Geo posicionamiento de las instituciones educativas de Montería con sus nombres y sus coordenadas en decimales
Service Area PUF - 2018
The Service Area PUF (SA-PUF) is one of the files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The SA-PUF contains issuer-level data on the geographic coverage or service area (i.e., where the plan is offered) including state, county, and zip code. These data either originate from the Service Area template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
CONSULTAS ENERO - DICIEMBRE 2018
consulta IMSALUD 2018
VGLI Coverage Amount by State as of April 30, 2012
<p>Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of April 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.</p>
NS Same Sex Marriages by Age Group
Number of marriages, by age group, by year, for same sex couples
Recaudo Histórico FONSECON
Recaudo de las vigencias 2013 - Julio 2020 por concepto de recaudo total
2015 - 2016 Demographic Data - Pre-Kindergarten
New York City Department of Education 2015 - 2016 Demographic Data - Pre -Kindergarten.  Data on students with disabilities, English language learners and student poverty status are as of February 2nd 2016.
Discharged Children With Permanency Maintained 12 Months:  Annual Trend By Race/Ethnicity
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of child placement episodes that ended with a legal discharge from DCF care, and for whom the end of a 12 month observation period (starting with their legal discharge date) terminated during the SFY.  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, by their Race/Ethnicity, and by whether another placement episode for that child began within 12 months of their discharge from care or not.  It would be appropriate to roll up the data from all variables across multiple time periods, as they represent specific events in the lives of these children.  These data form the basis of measurement for the Juan F. Consent Decree Exit Plan Outcome #11: Permanency Maintained (No Re-Entry), although those figures are reported to the DCF Court Monitor on a quarterly rather than annual schedule.
ETS 3rd Party Smartphone Apps - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the August 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1169&as=ai7DD6n1hk&t=1    Open from August 9 - 16, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6491 Insight Community Members. 2147 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 33%. A total of 2149 respondents completed the survey: 2147 Insight Community Members and 2 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL
Listado de las juntas de acción comunal del municipio, con su respectivo presidente y teléfono
Edmonton Region Gross Domestic Product
Edmonton Region Gross Domestic Product measures the overall strength of the region’s economy. It monitors real gross domestic product (GDP) at basic prices for the Edmonton Census Metropolitan Area (CMA) as estimated by the Conference Board of Canada. While the measure provides value as an indicator of overall economic health, it does not capture factors such as economic diversity, equality or environmental impact. As this is a regional measure and impacted by the economy, Edmonton Region Gross Domestic Product is considered an indicator.
Barrios y Veredas de Sabaneta
Identifique la división político administrativa (barrios y veredas) de Sabaneta, municipio más pequeño de Colombia.  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
C4K Children Infants And Toddlers By Setting SFY 2016 Monthly Average
Care 4 Kids Number of Children, Preschool Age, by Setting Type and Town, SFY 2016 Monthly Average. Care 4 Kids (C4K) is Connecticut's Child Care subsidy program.
Revaluation Years by Town
A revaluation program is undertaken to secure a more equitable distribution of the tax burden, to bring the assessment level up to date, and to modernize assessment procedures. Furthermore, Connecticut law requires that all property be revalued for assessment purposes periodically. A revaluation is required to be completed every five years. The purpose of this requirement is to insure uniformity in real property valuations by eliminating inequities that may have developed since the previous revaluation. Updated September 2013
Zonas WIFI
Zonas WIFI gratis en el municipio de Zipaquirá
Controlled Substance Prescriptions by Drug Schedule
Controlled Substance prescription breakdown by DEA drug schedule per year since 2016
Badin Kowa Market Grain Prices
Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics in Abuja, Nigeria on monthly prices for select markets in Kebbi State, Nigeria for January 2000 to December 2016.
List of Licensed Food Establishments
List of permitted food establishments, permit type, and civic address.
Commercial Parcel Data - FY2015
Commercial parcel data for fiscal year 2015, including sales, land and building data
CDC STATE System Tobacco Legislation - Smokefree Indoor Air Summary
1995-2020. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System. Legislation – Smokefree Indoor Air. The STATE System houses current and historical state-level legislative data on tobacco use prevention and control policies. Data are reported on a quarterly basis. Data include information related to state legislation on smokefree indoor air in private worksites, restaurants, and bars.
Ubicación Concejo Municipal de San Roque
Ubicación Concejo Municipal de San Roque
Doing Business Search - People
The Doing Business Search provides access to information on entities and individuals that do business with the City of New York.    http://www.nyc.gov/portal/site/DBusinessSite
Certified Plant Dealers
A listing of all certified plant dealers which are licensed by the Department of Agriculture and Markets. Licensing of plant dealers is intended to prevent the introduction of injurious insects, noxious weeds, and plant diseases into the state.
Traffic camera offences and fines
Monthly Infringement count and value displayed by camera location, penalty, vehicle type and client type.  The penalty amount and the infringement count are penalties that occurred within the date described in the offence month. The withdrawal amount and the withdrawal count relate to the date the fine was withdrawn and not the date the original fine occurred
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH35 B117 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE JAN FY2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM BENEFITS to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA’s determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Nowcast Predictions for Chikungunya Virus-Infected Travelers
Interactive visualization: http://www.cdc.gov/chikungunya/modeling/index.html. This dataset contains monthly predictions for the spread of chikungunya virus transmission. A full description of the methods is available at: http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0104915.
RELACION VIOLENCIA INTRAFAMILIAR PRIMER SEMESTRE DE 2019
Informacion referente a la violencia intrafamiliar en el municipio de Sincelejo durante el primer semestre de 2019.
PLAN ANUAL DE ADQUISICIONES 2020
PLAN ANUAL DE ADQUISICIONES 2020
Población escolar según edades simples y género. Departamento del Quindío. Años 2012 - 2017
Población escolar en el departamento del Quindío según edades
ESD Expenditures 2016 - Composite Dataset - V1
This is a composite listing of expenditure data from all ESD's per SB250 for Fiscal Year 2016. For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/ESDTransparency.aspx
Full-Time And Full-Time Equivalent Staffing Levels
This dataset contains estimated fiscal year-end headcount information for full-time and full-time equivalent employees (FTE).  The information is summarized by agency, personnel type and funding.  The amount fields are whole numbers.  The numbers within can be summarized to match pages from the publication “Full-Time and Full-Time Equivalent Staffing Levels”.
National Health Interview Survey (NHIS) – Vision and Eye Health Surveillance
2014-15 merged, 2016-17 merged. This dataset is a de-identified summary table of vision and eye health data indicators from NHIS, stratified by all available combinations of age group, race/ethnicity, gender, and risk factor. NHIS is an annual household survey conducted by the National Center for Health Statistics at CDC that monitors trends in illness, disabilities, and progress towards national health objectives. Approximate sample size is 35,000 households and 87,500 persons annually. NHIS data for VEHSS includes questions related to Visual Function. Data were suppressed for cell sizes less than 30 persons, or where the relative standard error more than 30% of the mean. Data will be updated as it becomes available. Detailed information on VEHSS NHIS analyses can be found on the VEHSS NHIS webpage (link). Additional information about NHIS can be found on the NHIS website (http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhis/about_nhis.htm). The VEHSS NHIS dataset was last updated in November 2019.
Assembly District Breakdowns
Demographic statistics broken down by assembly districts
Asthema 2008-2010
SPARCS data on asthma-related emergency room visits for 2008-2010, based on two-year averages.
Port of Los Angeles - Emission from Port Operations (2005 - 2012)
Port of Los Angeles - Emission from Port Operations  Historical published data.  Live and historical data available via:   http://caap.airsis.com/CurrentData.aspx
WIC Participation Data for Austin Public Health
The WIC (Women, Infants and Children) Special Supplemental Nutrition program is a federal assistance program managed by the federal government, specifically the US Food and Nutrition Services part of the Department of Agriculture. This program targets low-income or nutritionally at-risk populations of women, infants and children to provide supplemental food benefits. First established in 1972 as a two year pilot, the program was permanently established in 1975 and now serves around 53 percent of infants born in the United States.     This dataset shows monthly WIC participation data for Austin Public Health since October 2013, with variables such as Total Women, Total Infants and General Admin Money.
CONTRATACION EMPRESAS PUBLICAS DE CAÑASGORDAS 2019
CONTRATACION EMPRESAS PUBLICAS DE CAÑASGORDAS CORTE 31 DE JULIO DE 2019
Tuition Assistance Program (TAP) Recipients & Dollars by Income, Age Group and Program Information:  Beginning 2000
The Tuition Assistance Program (TAP), New York's largest student financial aid grant program, helps eligible New York residents attending in-state post-secondary institutions pay for tuition.  TAP grants are based on the applicant’s and his or her family’s New York State taxable income.  This data includes TAP award recipients and dollar amounts by income, age group, and more beginning with academic year 2000
City Health - Park Access
Park Access: Population living within a 10 minute walk of green space (%)
Listado De Presidentes De Juntas De Acción Comunal
Información actualizada sobre las J.A.C actuales dentro del municipio.
Encuesta calidad de vida Viviendas Municipio de Medellín - 2013
Información obtenida a partir de una muestra de 13.378 viviendas clasificadas por estrato socioeconómico y   distribuidas por comunas y corregimientos en el Municipio de Medellín. El objetivo de la encuesta es obtener   información de los hogares confiable y oportuna, expresada estadísticamente sobre variables físico espaciales,   sociales y demográficas, referida a cada una de las comunas, corregimientos y estratos de Medellín al año 2013.   Para más detalle en el nombre de las columnas donde aparece pregunta1, Pregunta2..,   remítase al conjunto de datos de ficha técnica donde se explica claramente el contenido de cada variable.
Vital Signs: Housing Affordability - Metro
Housing Affordability (EQ2)  FULL MEASURE NAME Housing Affordability  LAST UPDATED October 2018  DATA SOURCE U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census Form STF3 – https://nhgis.org (1980-1990) Form SF3a – https://nhgis.org (2000)  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey Form B25074 (2009-2017) Form B25095 (2009-2017) http://api.census.gov  Image: Flickr (Creative Commons license), Photographer: Frank Kehren, https://www.flickr.com/photos/fkehren/8481894011  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) The share of income brackets used for different Census and ACS forms varied over time. To allow for historical comparisons, the Census Bureau merges housing expenditure brackets into three consistent bins (less than 20 percent, 20 percent to 34 percent, and more than 35 percent) that work for all years. The highest income bracket for renters in the ACS data was $100,000 or more, while the homeowner dataset included brackets for $100,000 to $149,999 and $150,000 and above. These brackets were merged together to allow for uniform comparison across tenure. While some studies use 30 percent as the affordability threshold, Vital Signs uses 35 percent as this is the closest break point using the standardized affordability brackets above. Historical data for Napa County is unavailable due to an insufficient sample size for renters in a number of years, making it impossible to calculate affordability for all households. All ACS data is for a single year, rather than a rolling average. Income breakdown data is only provided for one year as it is not possible to compare consistent inflation-adjusted income brackets over time given Census data limitations.
Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Circum_road
Crash data for Maryland from January 2015 through June 2020. Data is accurate as of the creation of the data. Only Approved Crash reports have been included in the file. Related datasets include Statewide Vehicle Crashes (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes/65du-s3qu) and Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Vehicle Details (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes-Vehicle-Details/mhft-5t5y)
ENERGY STAR Certified Ceiling Fans
Please note, Ceiling Fan Light Kits are not included in this dataset. The Ceiling Fan Light Kit dataset can be found here: https://data.energystar.gov/Active-Specifications/ENERGY-STAR-Certified-Ceiling-Fans-Light-Kit/3zeh-haeu/data. Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 4.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Ceiling Fansthat are effective as of June 15, 2018. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=ceiling_fans.pr_crit_ceiling_fans.
Per Capita Waste Disposal Rates
Per capita waste disposal rates for cities, towns, and unicorporated areas in San Mateo County.
Canal Companies In Utah 2015
This data set contains canal companies by county in Utah from the Utah Division of Water Rights.
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2 2006
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2 2006
Colegios Oficiales- Municipio de Los Patios
Se denomina Educación Pública al sistema nacional educativo de cada país, que está gestionado por la administración pública
2000 Census Detailed Census Tract Data
detailed 2000 characteristics of people and housing for individual 2010 census tract portions inside or outside KCMO
Howard County Full and Part Time Jobs By Industry: Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040
Total Jobs by Industry, Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040 in Howard County by Industry and by Place of Work
Vital Signs: Transit Cost-Effectiveness – by operator
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Transit Cost-Effectiveness (T13)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Net cost per transit boarding (cost per boarding minus fare per boarding)    LAST UPDATED  May 2017    DESCRIPTION  Transit cost-effectiveness refers to both the total and net costs per transit boarding, both of which are adjusted to reflect inflation over time. Net costs reflect total operating costs minus farebox revenue (i.e. operating costs that are not directly funded by system users). The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional, mode, and system tables for net cost per boarding, total cost per boarding, and farebox recovery ratio.    DATA SOURCE  Federal Transit Administration: National Transit Database  http://www.ntdprogram.gov/ntdprogram/data.htm    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index  http://www.bls.gov/data/    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Simple modes were aggregated to combine the various bus modes (e.g. rapid bus, express bus, local bus) into a single mode to avoid incorrect conclusions resulting from mode recoding over the lifespan of NTD. For other metro areas, operators were identified by developing a list of all urbanized areas within a current MSA boundary and then using that UZA list to flag relevant operators; this means that all operators (both large and small) were included in the metro comparison data. Financial data was inflation-adjusted to match 2015 dollar values using metro-specific Consumer Price Indices.
Rainfall Depth Table Kansas City Area
This table contains rainfall depths in inches (values do not account for gage undercatch) Duration and Return Period (TPDS)
Active gas & hazardous liquid transmission pipelines by county in Utah
This data set contains hazardous liquid and gas transmission pipelines.  This summary of mileage by county includes all pipelines in the NPMS categorized as Active; pipelines categorized as Permanently Abandoned are not included in the mileage.
Organizaciones/Entidades Aplicación SIIA - Acreditadas
Este conjunto de datos son para las organizaciones/entidades que estan acreditadas en la aplicación SIIA.
San Diego County COVID-19 statistics by Jurisdiction
Data source: County of San Diego, Health and Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Epidemiology and Immunization Services Branch
Registro de Activos de FONPRECON
Documento que contiene el Registro de Activos de la Entidad con la información solicitada por la Ley de Transparencia y del Derecho de acceso a la información
Baton Rouge Traffic Incidents
Traffic incident reports handled by Baton Rouge City Police
Home Performance Energy Efficiency Projects in Maryland
Through grants and loans, the Maryland Energy Administration has contributed to the growth of energy efficiency industries, and has helped reduce statewide energy consumption.
126- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj. 1.1
Soil Conservation District Performance Metrics Objective X.X- Average turnaround time for urban grading and sediment plan reviews, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Elk Island Catholic Schools
Data that describes the schools operated by the Elk Island Catholic School district. This includes the contact details as well as the student population in 2013, 2014.
Average Energy Usage by Year and Sector
Average Energy Usage by Year and Sector
Sitios de Interes Municipio de Luruaco
Sitios de Interes Municipio de Luruaco
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-DominicanRepublic, 2014 - Data
A part of the 2014 round of public opinion surveys implemented by LAPOP, the Dominican Republic survey was carried out between March 11th and March 25th of 2014.  It is a follow-up of the national surveys of 2004,2006,2008,2010 and 2012.  The 2014 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with the field work being carried out by Gallup Republica Dominica. The 2014 AmericasBarometer received generous support from many sources, including USAID, UNDP, IADB, Vanderbilt U., Princeton U., Université Laval, U. of Notre Dame, among others.
Reclamaciones de Agua Potable en el Acueducto del Municipio de Pereira
En este conjunto de dato podrá obtener el reporte con el número de reclamos mensuales de Agua Potable en el Acueducto del Municipio de Pereira.
Parks - Buildings (deprecated November 2016)
Buildings located in Chicago Park District Parks.
Detailed Language Spoken by City, 2016
Detailed Language Spoken at Home for the Population 5 Years and Over: Number. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table C16001.
FY17 Budget Simulator data
This is an upload of Austin Budget Simulator data used in the FY 2016-17 Public Engagement Report. Through use of the online Austin Budget Simulator, participants were able to increase funding by 5% or 10%, maintain current funding, or decrease funding by 5% or 10% in 49 different City of Austin Service Areas. This dataset includes service area responses and open-ended comments. The Austin Budget Simulator was available to general public from April 22 to July 15, 2016. This dataset shows results received from self-selected participants during that period. More information about the Austin Budget Simulator activity and results are available in the FY 2016-17 Public Engagement Report: http://austintexas.gov/sites/default/files/files/Finance/FY_2016-17_Public_Engagement_Report.pdf.
WFS - Gender by Department Data
Data on employee reported gender gathered by department.
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD ENERO 2019 - URGENCIAS
Primeras causas de morbilidad - urgencias, correspondiente al mes de Enero 2019.
Metro Nashville Police Department Incidents
Details about Metro Nashville Police Department reported incidents. An incident is defined as one or more crimes committed by an individual or a group of individuals acting in concert and at the same time and place.
Peticiones de Competencia de la Contraloría General de la República
Peticiones que son de competencia de la CGR, lo que corresponde al mandato constitucional de acuerdo con los artículos 267, 268 y 269 de la constitución, y lo relacionado a las leyes que lo reglamenten.
Child Support Enforcement Administration's FFY 2012 Jurisdictional Performance
CSEA's local department of social services Federal fiscal year 2012 performance for support orders as well as caseload.
2017 Property Tax Assessment
Data being provided is based on a valuation date of July 1, 2016 and a property condition date as of December 31, 2016. Strathcona County does not warrant, or guarantee the accuracy of this information. The County does not assume nor accept any liability from the use of the information.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH35 B117 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE APR2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM BENEFITS to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA’s determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Geolocalizacion Consultas Especializadas 2017 ( Departamento Caldas)
Distribución geográfica de consultas especializadas realizadas por el Hospital durante la vigencia 2017, incluye subregiones, municipios, diagnósticos y especialidades.
Superficie Cosechada con Raíces Bulbos y Tubérculos  en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del Año 2000 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre la Superficie Cosechada con Raíces Bulbos y Tubérculos  en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del Año 2000 al 2018
Council Code of Conduct - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many, from the March 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5WM7loCI0KkDUZuGrPnJ7d?t=1    Open from March 20-27, 2018.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,507 Insight Community Members. 2,169 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 29%. A total of 2,180 respondents completed the survey: 2,169 Insight Community Members and 3 from the call to action button on our webpage and 8 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
[ARCHIVED] NHS Income Household Income Median Average
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports household median and average incomes before tax and after tax. This data is sourced from the 2011 National Household Survey.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
SIGN_SUPPORT
This dataset provides key attributes of tunnels on Hawaii Highways including location, beginning and end mile post of tunnel, width of tunnel and whether it falls on the National Highway System (NHS).    https://highways.hidot.hawaii.gov/dataset/Tunnels/vrte-nv42
City of Gainesville Job Applicant Demographics
Demographic data for job applicants at the City of Gainesville for both General Government and GRU since October 2010.
Purchase Orders and Contracts
Listing of all purchase orders and contracts issued to procure goods and/or services within City-Parish.    In the City-Parish, a PO/Contract is made up of two components: a header and one or many detail items that comprise the overarching PO/Contract. The header contains information that pertains to the entire PO/Contract. This includes, but is not limited to,  the total amount of the PO/Contract, the department requesting the purchase and the vendor providing the goods or services. The detail item(s) contain information that is specific to the individual item ordered or service procured through the PO/Contract. The item/service description, item/service quantity and the cost of the item is located within the PO/Contract details. There may be one or many detail items on an individual PO/Contract. For example, a Purchase Order for a computer equipment may include three items: the computer, the monitor and the base software package.    Both header information and detail item information are included in this dataset in order to provide a comprehensive view of the PO/Contract data. The Record Type field indicates whether the record is a header record (H) or detail item record (D). In the computer purchase example from above, the system would display 4 records – one header record and 3 detail item records.      It should be noted header information will be duplicated on all detail items. No detail item information will be displayed on the header record.       ***In October of 2017, the City-Parish switched to a new system used to track PO/Contracts.  This data contains all PO/Contracts entered in or after October 2017.  For prior year data, please see the Legacy Purchase Order dataset https://data.brla.gov/Government/Legacy-Purchase-Orders/54bn-2sqf
Equity Indicator Scores
The Indicators chosen represent the best proxies we could find for the complex disparity themes we set out to measure. The following criteria were used to determining the indicators included in each of the topics in the final framework: 1. Data is available, high quality, and from a reliable source. 2. We will be able to calculate change over time (i.e., data is updated and accessible on an annual basis and changes from year to year can be meaningfully interpreted). 3. There is a strong causal model for why this Indicator matters (i.e., we understand the context behind the Indicator and how disparities affect people). 4. The data accurately represents the impact of inequity on people’s lives (e.g., not measuring quantity when what matters is quality).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of November 2018.</p>
2019 Yellow Taxi Trip Data
The yellow and green taxi trip records include fields capturing pick-up and drop-off dates/times, pick-up and drop-off locations, trip distances, itemized fares, rate types, payment types, and driver-reported passenger counts. The data used in the attached datasets were collected and provided to the NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) by technology providers authorized under the Taxicab & Livery Passenger Enhancement Programs (TPEP/LPEP). The  trip data was not created by the TLC, and TLC makes no representations as to the accuracy of these data.  For more information please refer to http://www.nyc.gov/html/tlc/html/about/trip_record_data.shtml
RDA- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics Obj 2.1
Redevelopment Authority Performance Metrics Objective 2.1- Increase down payment and closing cost assistance for first-time homeowners. FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Casos De Morbilidad Por Semanas De Infecciones De Transmisión Sexual En El Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Año 2017
Casos De Morbilidad Por Semanas De Infecciones De Transmisión Sexual En El Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Año 2017
City of Grand Rapids Zip Code Boundaries
This data set contains the boundaries of the zip codes within the boundaries of the City Limits of Gran Rapids, MI
Nova Scotians Engagement in Tourism Industry
Results from a questionnaire gauging Nova Scotians opinions related to the provincial tourism industry.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of February 2019.</p>
Comparendos - Control y Regulación Barranquilla
Contiene información de comparendos impuestos por policías de tránsito en el distrito de Barranquilla
Establecimientos Comerciales Municipio de Fortul
Establecimientos Comerciales del Municipio de Fortul
Puerto Rico Revealed Preference I5 Data 2004
Revealed preference models provide insights into recreational angler behavior and the economic value of recreational fishing trips. Revealed preference data is typically collected by intercept and/or phone follow up calls. Typical variables include length of the trip (day or overnight), household income, whether or not angler took time off of work, and primary purpose of overall trip. Sometimes trip expenditures are included as well.    Intercept data collected from anglers at fishing sites as an economic add-on to the Marine Recreational Fisheries Statistical Survey (MRFSS) for Puerto Rico.
Living Wage
Percent of households earning above and below living wage by race/ethnicity in New Orleans, 2016. Annual living wage for 1 Adult 1 Child in New Orleans is $47,611. These data represent households earning less than $45,000.
JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL  MUNICIPIO DE TÓPAGA - BOYACA
Representantes  actuales de las Juntas de Acción Comunal, pertenecientes al municipio de Tópaga Boyacá
Building and Safety Code Enforcement Case
The Department of Building and Safety is tasked with the enforcement of the City's building, electrical, mechanical and zoning regulations, which are elements of the Los Angeles Municipal Code. A Code Enforcement Case may originate from a customer service request to investigate a possible Code violation, from a planned and authorized inspection of a neighborhood for the purpose of reducing blight, or from a proactive inspection of a site due to an observed hazardous condition.  A case is closed (indicated by a "C" status) when the site satisfies the requirements for Code compliance, or when no Code violation is found.  A case remains open (indicated by an "O" status) until the site satisfies the requirements for Code compliance.
Borough/Community District Report - MA Enrollees
Total MA Enrollees and MA Enrollees who do not receive other Social Service Benefits, by Community District. These statistics are also shown on the Borough Consultation Report.    For CA Population dataset please visit https://data.cityofnewyork.us/d/kjcq-h8d9  For SNAP Population dataset please visit https://data.cityofnewyork.us/d/jye8-w4d7
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 15 Minute Intervals: 2016 Q2
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
Wastewater Treatment Plants
Data regarding wastewater treatment plants with permits issued under the New York State Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
Total Income Parking Meter Data- February Report 2017
All Parking income for the City Of Evanston
Distribution Of Affordable Housing
Affordable housing units distributed by zip code. Source data from the 2013-2021 Housing Element.
FHV Base Aggregate Report
Monthly report including total dispatched trips, total dispatched shared trips, and unique dispatched vehicles aggregated by FHV (For-Hire Vehicle) base. These have been tabulated from raw trip record submissions made by bases to the NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC).     This dataset is typically updated monthly on a two-month lag, as bases have until the conclusion of the following month to submit a month of trip records to the TLC. In example, a base has until Feb 28 to submit complete trip records for January. Therefore, the January base aggregates will appear in March at the earliest. The TLC may elect to defer updates to the FHV Base Aggregate Report if a large number of bases have failed to submit trip records by the due date.    Note: The TLC publishes base trip record data as submitted by the bases, and we cannot guarantee or confirm their accuracy or completeness. Therefore, this may not represent the total amount of trips dispatched by all TLC-licensed bases. The TLC performs routine reviews of the records and takes enforcement actions when necessary to ensure, to the extent possible, complete and accurate information.
CONSEJOS COMUNITARIOS DE MUJERES
Consejos comunitarios de mujeres en el Departamento de Risaralda
Unincorporated San Mateo County Jurisdiction Diversion/Disposal Rates
This dataset illustrates the annual per capita disposal rate (PPD) for residents and employees (residential/commercial). The current targets are 5.1 PPD for residents and 15.7 for employees. Dataset is produced by Office of Sustainability and uploaded to CalRecycle for approval.
INTERNADO SEPTIEMBRE 2020
INFORMACIÓN SOBRE COLEGIOS DE SANTANDER Y LOS RESPECTIVOS MUNICIPIOS QUE TIENE ACCESO Y PERMANENCIA DE NIÑOS, NIÑAS ADOLESCENTES Y JOVENES.
User Fees 2015 - 2016
List, by department or public service office, of the user fees and government charges under their responsibility.
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Year-End Log For FY 2014
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Year-End Log For FY 2014 (record requests received July 1, 2013, through June 30, 2014) See OIP's Summary of the Master UIPA Record Request Year-End Log for FY 2014 http://oip.hawaii.gov/uipa-record-request-log-reports/) .
Iowa Urban Renewal Financial Summary by Urban Renewal Area and Fiscal Year
The Tax Increment Finance Reporting Act of 2012 established new urban renewal and tax increment financing (TIF) reporting requirements for counties, cities, and rural improvement zones in Iowa with urban renewal areas in place during FY 2012.  This dataset provides a financial summary of urban renewal reports submitted by counties, cities and rural improvement zones submitted annually beginning with Fiscal Year 2012.  Tax increment financing is a financing mechanism for urban renewal.  It involves dividing the property taxes paid from property within a designated area between the traditional taxing authorities (counties, cities, schools, etc.) and the taxing authority that created the TIF area.
MEN_ESTADISTICAS MATRICULA POR MUNICIPIOS_ES_2018
Contiene la matrícula estadística de Educación Superior por nivel de formación por municipios con cargue 2018 se aperturan las especializaciones
Contratación Contraloría Manizales 2017
Consolidado de contratación efectuada por la Contraloría General del Municipio de Manizales en la vigencia 2017.
2015-16 Health Education MS Level - School District
Local Law 14 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide Health Education data, disaggregated by community school district, city council district and each individual school.  This reports provides information about the number and percent of students receiving one semester of health education as defined in local law 14 as reported through 2015-2016 STARS database.   It includes district level data on number of 6-8 graders that received a semester of health instruction as well as number of 8th graders meeting the middle school health requirements for 2015-16 school year.  This regulation does not require students to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in middle school, only prior to completing 8th grade and a student may advance without completing the course.
Honorables Concejales Municipio De Luruaco
Listado de los Honorables Concejales del Municipio de Luruaco, Atlántico para el periodo 2016 - 2019
POZOS SAN ROQUE ANTIOQUIA
UBICACIÓN GEORREFERENCIADA DE LA CONSTRUCCIÓN DE POZOS SÉPTICOS MUNICIPIO DE SAN ROQUE
Consolidado de Contratación de Antioquia Mes de Mayo de 2015
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación con la Información detallada de todos los Eventos filtrado por la Fecha de Firma del Contrato
Ride On Ridership By Month
This dataset contains the number of passengers boarding a Montgomery County Ride On bus by month.
County Budgeted Revenues by Type by Fiscal Year
Revenue data by revenue type by fiscal year for each county in the State of Iowa.
Número De Estudiantes Aprobados
Alumnos matriculados que  acreditaron los conocimientos requeridos en los   programas educativos de determinado nivel y  son promovidos al siguiente nivel académico.
New York State, Local, and Local Purpose Taxes and Fees Collected Monthly by the Department of Taxation and Finance: Beginning April 1996
The Department of Taxation and Finance monthly produces a compilation of those state and local and local purpose taxes and fees collected by the Department.  The taxes and fees information provided in this data set are primarily taxes imposed by the Tax Law, but also includes fees that are imposed by other state laws but are administered and collected by the Department.  Collections are net of refunds and other processing and accounting adjustments.  The data set provides a history of these collections by month beginning with April 1996.
Employee Overtime and Supplemental Earnings 2020
Employee overtime and supplemental earnings by month and year-to-date.
NYC Covered Building's List (2010)
The covered building list identifies properties required to comply with Local Law 84: Benchmarking.
Maryland Total Residential Sales: 2002-2016
Total Residential Sales in Maryland from 2002-2016 based on data extracted from MDProperty View. To browse the MDProperty View, click here: http://planning.maryland.gov/msdc/sale_data/saledata.shtml. Data for 2016 will be available at the end of 2017.
Historic Properties
Properties recognized by Mesa’s Historic Preservation Program for their architectural and cultural history.
Second Harvest Food Bank
Second Harvest Food Bank. HSAFB Measure K Performance.
Wifi Activity - City Owned Access Points
Wifi Activity as connected to city-owned access points. Note: only devices that connected to an SSID is listed. Note that SSID @mesa generally reflects WiFi sessions by members of the public (non city employees or city devices). Other devices that may have been in the area but did not connect are not included. Sensitive fields such as device MAC address have been scrambled and are not actual addresses. However, although these have been changed, the uniqueness and mobility of the device has been maintained for listed sessions.
Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Circum_person
Crash data for Maryland from January 2015 through June 2020. Data is accurate as of the creation of the data. Only Approved Crash reports have been included in the file. Related datasets include Statewide Vehicle Crashes (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes/65du-s3qu) and Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Vehicle Details (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes-Vehicle-Details/mhft-5t5y)
2012-2013 CLASS SIZE REPORT BOROUGH LEVEL DETAIL
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Community Multi-Service Office (CMSO), Intake, and Evening Reporting Center (ERC) Offices
This provides information on the location, phone and fax numbers, security level and video conference capacity of each of the Office for Children and Family Services (OCFS) operated Community Multi-Service Office (CMSO), Intake, and Evening Reporting Center (ERC) Offices.
NYS Lottery Retailers
Listing of all active licensed retailers that sell lottery products in New York state.
Semaforización 2018
En este archivo se publica la red semaforica de la ciudad de Armenia con el año de instalación de cada uno de los semáforos.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Municipio de Genova
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Genova
Building Permits
Commercial and Residential building permit applications from January 2011 to Jun 30, 2020
BOS initiative - Rosalie Rendu Inc
BOS initiative - Rosalie Rendu Inc. HSAB1 Measure K Performance
2008 Assembly Election - Summary of First Preference Votes by Electorate
A table of first preference votes for each electorate in the 2008 Legislative Assembly Election
Performance Metrics - Housing & Economic Development - Small Business Improvement Fund (SBIF)
The Small Business Improvement Fund (SBIF) program uses Tax Increment Financing (TIF) revenues to help owners of commercial and industrial properties within specific TIF districts to repair or remodel their facilities for their own business or on behalf of tenants. Spending is counted in the month in which the project was completed.
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Private Sector Survey 2019 - Module G Product Sales
This data asset contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2019 annual results survey of private sector firms assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using one level of stratification, firm type. Firms were selected from five different categories: Processor, Buyer, Local input supplier, Regional input supplier, Finance provider, and Other service provider. In total, 321 firms were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic identifying data on the firm. Module B captures information on the proprietors. Modules C, D, E, F, G and H capture data on sales of products and services. Module I captures information on business practices. Module J captures information on production costs. Module K captures information on access to finance.
Sedes Educativas con Servicio de Internet en el Departamento del Cauca
Sedes educativas con servicio de conectividad dedicada 1:1 en el Departamento del Cauca
COVID-19 Overall Trends - Cases & Deaths
This is an archived dataset & will no longer be updated  Case and Death data related to COVID-19. Additional data available in the link below.  Data definitions are also available on the dashboards. This dataset will be updated weekly on Tuesdays.  Data current as of  August 10, 2020
Subsidized Housing Data
Dataset showing subsidized housing by county and city including number of units, occupancy and program type.
Credit Unions Holding Companies Industrial Banks Directory List
Credit Unions Holding Companies Industrial Banks Directory List
Police Departments and Total Employees
List of Cities with Police Departments and respective FTE as of 2013.
Top 20 Calendar Year  2015 Sales and Use Tax Expenditures
This dataset represents the sales and use tax expenditures with the highest estimated value in the 2015 tax expenditure study.
2016 Coyote Reportings
A complete listing of Coyote sightings and/or reporting of aggressive behaviour, for the first 6 months of 2016.
Issued State Facility Air Permits
Owners or operators of emission sources that are subject to 6 NYCRR Subpart 201-5 must obtain a State facility permit.      Draft permits are official versions of permits whose initial development is complete, public notice given, and made available for public review and comment.      These permits are prepared by the Division of Air Resources regional staff.
Your View of Edmonton - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from Part 2 of the April 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1704&as=Vo3Nt1o72M&t=1    Open from April 18 - 25, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6760 Insight Community Members. 1531 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 23%. A total of 1542 respondents completed the survey: 1531 Insight Community Members and 11 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
2020 Open Data Plan: Future Releases
The collection of datasets set to be released on the Open Data Portal, according to the 2020 Open Data Plan.
Performance Metrics - Housing & Economic Development - Landmark Permitting Review
With a goal of reviewing landmark permits in one-day, the department strives to meet this goal no less than 95% of the time.  The Historic Preservation Division staffs the Commission on Chicago Landmarks and reviews all permit applications for work involving designated and proposed Chicago landmarks and landmark districts.
Quotes and Tips
for the DAR
Esquema de Publicación de Información DAPRE
En cumplimiento del Decreto 103 de 2015, Artículo 41: "Concepto. El Esquema de Publicación de Información es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3 de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma".
Fire Safety Complaints
Information on Complaints received by the Fire Department (from the public) for a particular location. Key fields include Complaint Number, Complaint Type, Address, Disposition
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada 2019 Municipio de Sopó
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada del Municipio de Sopó para el año 2019
5850B_Contributions to Medical Center
Performance measures dataset
Train Speeds
Weekly train speeds data from the Surface Transportation Board's (STB) Rail Service Metrics. The STB began collecting service metrics from railroads in October 2014. As part of their submission to the STB, railroads provide data on the average speed of their trains (in miles per hour), broken out by commodity/type such as automotive, coal, crude oil, ethanol, grain, intermodal, manifest, etc. Railroads also report a “system average” train speed. According to the STB rulemaking, train speed should be measured for line-haul movements between terminals. The average speed for each train type should be calculated by dividing total train miles by total hours operated.
Inventario Correos Institucionales Departamento Vaupés. Gobierno Digital Gov.co
Directorio de los correos institucionales del departamento Vaupés, correspondientes a las Entidades territoriales de Gobernación, Alcaldías (Carurú y Taraira) y Contraloría Departamental dentro del marco de la Estrategia de Gobierno Digital Gov.co
Illegal Dumping Incidents 2015 - 2017
Non-spatial illegal dumping data. Data obtained from the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works - consists primarily of illegal dumping reports within unincorporated LA County.
Superservicios-B4_Ventas_del_comercializador_mayorista
Ventas del comercializador mayorista
Puestos de Salud Habilitados Centro Hospital Divino Niño Tumaco
Información acerca de los puestos de salud en los cuales el Centro Hospital Divino Niño presta sus servicios de salud a la comunidad de Tumaco
Resultados Saber Pro Competencias Genericas 2019-2
Resultados anonimizados de las pruebas genéricas del examen Saber Pro.
Texas State Expenditures by County - 2019
Texas State Expenditures by County shows where state dollars are spent. It lists state expenditures by agency and type of expenditure in each county. This report was created using information from the state's Uniform Statewide Accounting System. It reflects actual net expenditures of funds from accounts held in the State Treasury during the state's fiscal year 2019, Sept. 1  through Aug. 31.
Superior Court: Monthly Clearance Rates, per Case Category
This dataset is a summarized table of clearance rates per month, per case category. This is computed from data on the number of cases assigned and the number of cases disposed. It comes from the Odyssey system and is updated daily.
Actividades de Desarrollo Humano y Promoción por genero 2019-2
Son actividades de salud de promoción y estilo saludable y apoyo academico
Little Rock 311 Service Calls 2016 to Year To Date
The 311 service is part of an ongoing effort by Little Rock to make City government easier and more responsive to the needs of residents, its business owners and visitors.
Active Participation in Healthy Communities Meetings
Achieve a partner attendance rate of at least 50% annually for Healthy Communities meetings by June 30, 2021.
Bus stops for Melbourne Visitor Shuttle
The Melbourne Visitor Shuttle is a great way to explore inner city Melbourne. Ride in comfort while listening to stories about the city's colourful past and current quirks. There are 13 stops where you can hop on and hop off. Their descriptions and locations are maintained within this dataset
New York Power Authority (NYPA) Electric Supply Rates - Business Customers: Beginning 2012
The New York Power Authority provides low-cost power to help support jobs statewide while reducing public-sector costs. The Authority’s customer base includes large and small businesses, not-for-profit organizations, community-owned electric systems and rural electric cooperatives and government entities. This data includes the electric supply rates that the Authority offers to its Business Customers under different power programs.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Departamento de XXXX
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas del Departamento de Cauca.
Future Bidding Opportunities
This is a list of possible future contracting opportunities.  Please note this disclaimer about the opportunities listed;  they may not represent all future opportunities and any that are listed are subject to change for any reason.  The best way to find out more about these opportunities is to contact the person that is associated with that particular project.  If you need further assistance please contact Carla Hardin (Procurement Officer) at Carla.Hardin@kcmo.org or by office phone 816.513.0796 in Procurement Services.
Payments Received for DCA Fines and Fees
Payments received from businesses for DCA fines and fees such as violations and license application fees.
Hospital Inpatient Prevention Quality Indicators (PDI) for Pediatric Discharges by Patient Zip Code: Beginning 2009
The dataset contains observed, expected, and risk-adjusted rates for the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Pediatric Quality Indicators – Pediatric (AHRQ PDI) beginning in 2009.  The AHRQ PDIs are a set of population based measures that can be used with hospital inpatient discharge data to identify ambulatory care sensitive conditions. These are conditions where 1) the need for hospitalization is potentially preventable with appropriate outpatient care, or 2) conditions that could be less severe if treated early and appropriately. Both the Urinary Tract Infection and Gastroenteritis PDIs include admissions for patients aged 3 months through 17 years.  The asthma PDI includes admissions for patients aged 2 through 17 years.  Eligible admissions for the Diabetes Short-term Complications PDI includes admissions for patients aged 6 through 17 years.    The rates were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data and Claritas population information.      The observed, expected, risk-adjusted rates, and difference in rates, for each AHRQ PDI are presented by resident zip code (including a statewide total).
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Income Family Income After Tax by Income Group
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports family income after tax by income group. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Average Price Of Natural Gas Delivered To Consumers By State And Sector T4.17 2004
Average Price Of Natural Gas Delivered To Consumers By State And Sector T4.17 2004
Capital Project Schedules and Budgets
<b>Current report not available pending SCA program On Pause.</b>    List of capital projects with managing organization, phase status and project costs.
DOHMH Beach Water Quality Data
Water quality sample results collected by the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene at all New York City Beaches. These water quality results are used by the Department to determine the status (open, advisory, closed) of Beaches.
Juvenile Services Public Dataset Q1 2018
Date of dataset: 3/31/2018 Source: PRISM (Probation Record Information System Management) PO-234 Report Notes: To ensure confidentiality and to protect the identities of individuals on probation, the ages of some individuals in the dataset have been withheld, and marked “N/A”. This is done to avoid possible re-identification through the available demographic information, or stigmatization of a group when they make a substantial percent of a designated population. Number of records with ages withheld: 49  The Alameda County Probation Department (ACPD) collects information on all juveniles referred to the department and records this in PRISM (Probation Record Information System Management). Several reports are built into the PRISM system that allow ACPD staff to extract data for specified time periods. This dataset is derived from the PRISM PO-234 report. This report provides a dataset of all youth that have an assigned Probation Officer. Cases include formal supervision, informal supervision, intake, and investigations. The report provides a one-day snapshot of individual-level data on each youth along with demographic information. To create this dataset, the report was de-identified and edited to include the most pertinent information.  Data Characteristics and Known Limitations • To ensure confidentiality and to protect the identities of individuals on probation, the ages of some individuals in the dataset have been withheld, and marked “N/A”. This is done to avoid possible re-identification through the available demographic information, or stigmatization of a group when they make a substantial percent of a designated population. Please see the “Notes” tab in the public dataset file, which states the number of records with withheld ages in that dataset. • PRISM is a referral system rather than a case management system, and a youth may have more than one open referral at a time. Therefore, the analyst who creates this report must apply a hierarchy to determine how to count youth with multiple open referrals, since PRISM does not perform this function. The hierarchy employed for this dataset is as follows: Warrant, Placement, Community Supervision, Intake / Investigations, Truancy.  Definition of Terms • Age Group – age range the client was in on the date of report. • Gender – gender of the client as recorded at booking. • Race Group – race group of client as recorded at booking. o Asian/Pacific Islander – a person whose ancestry can be identified as Asian Indian, Cambodian, Chinese, Filipino, Japanese, Korean, Laotian, Vietnamese, other Asian, Pacific Islander, Samoan, Guamanian, or Hawaiian. o Black – a person whose ancestry is any of the black racial groups of Africa. o Hispanic – a person of Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Central and South America or other o Spanish culture or origin regardless of race. o American Indian – a person whose ancestry is any Native American tribe. o Other – a person who cannot be linked to any of the general or specific racial/ethnic groups listed o White – a person whose ancestry is any of the original peoples of Europe, North Africa, or the Middle East.  Supervision Type – The type of supervision the youth was on at the time of the report o Community Supervision – youth on formal supervision and placed in one of the following units at the time of this report: General Supervision, Community Supervision, Family Preservation Unit, or Intensive Supervision. o Intake and Investigation – youth at the intake stage who have been arrested and/or referred to Probation, as well as youth at the investigation stage who have referrals that have been petitioned to court and are pre-adjudication at the time of this report. Youth in the intake and investigation category are not yet on probation. o Placement – youth placed outside of the home in foster care, a group home, or a residential treatment center at the time of this report. o Truancy – youth participating in the District Attorney’s Truancy Mediation Divers
Public Records Requests
Request to the Department of Services for the Blind for information under the Freedom of Information Act.
[ARCHIVED] Taxfiler Data Sources of Income by Seniors
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports the composition of income as reported on tax filings, by seniors' age cohorts. Geographies available: provinces, counties
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a OCTUBRE de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Octubrede 2015 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
CalCOFI Larvae Counts, Scientific Names PL to PO
Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS DEL MUNICIPIO
Información de las instituciones educativas del municipio de San José de Miranda
Prevention & Early Intervention - At Risk Child
Prevention & Early Intervention - At Risk Child. HSAPI Measure K Performance
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) Authorized Retailers
A listing of retailers in Conneticut authorized to accept SNAP EBT benefits. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly known as Food Stamps, helps eligible individuals and families afford the cost of food at supermarkets, grocery stores and farmers’ markets.
Lodging Near NYS Canal System
This dataset contains a listing of lodging available near the NYS Canal System
Property Tax Levies and Collections
CAFR Page 346.    Last Ten Fiscal Years (amounts expressed in thousands).
EDTIF Program Totals Utah 2009
Approved in 2005, EDTIF is a state incentive program that allows local governments to create “economic development zones” in order to encourage job creation and capital investment. New or existing businesses creating new jobs or significant capital investment within these zones may apply for a partial rebate (30%) for up to 20 years of taxes paid to the state. The rebate may apply to “new state income” generated by the job growth or capital investment, including the payroll tax of the new employees, corporate income tax, and sales tax. Qualifying companies must create new jobs paying at least the median state wage.
Pecuarios Insumos entregados en el Municipio de chia 2018
Información estadística Pecuarios Insumos entregados en el Municipio de chia 2018
Estudiantes auxiliares
Estudiantes que apoyan las actividades de investigación, extension, sistemas, docencia y administrativos
Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan: Section 4
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the fourth spreadsheet of six in the Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan.
Percentage of persons in low income by age, and sex and economic families, 2017 and 2018, N.B. / Pourcentage de personnes à faible revenu selon l'âge, le sexe et les familles économiques, 2017 et 2018, N.B.
"Market basket measure, 2008 base" An economic family refers to a group of two or more persons who live in the same dwelling and are related to each other by blood, marriage, common-law, adoption or a foster relationship. / "Mesure du panier de consommation, base 2008" Une famille économique désigne un groupe de deux personnes ou plus qui vivent dans le même logement et qui sont liées par le sang, le mariage, l'union de fait, l'adoption ou une relation d'accueil.
Gastos Salud Sogamoso E.S.E.
Reporte de gastos Salud Sogamoso E.S.E.  desde 2017
Alameda County Bed Bug 2006 to 2012
Beg Bug Requests for Service  June 1, 2006 to May 31, 2012  The data is not confirmed cases of bed bugs, just the number of calls requesting service.
Immigrants and Veteran Services
Immigrants and Veteran Services. HSA61 Measure K Performance
Inspección de policía urbanística y ambiental Expedientes Municipio de Chía  2016
Información estadísticas Inspección de policía urbanística y ambiental Expedientes Municipio de Chía  2016
Data for Efficacy of Stainless Steel Disinfection (Phi6)
In the 2014 West African Ebola outbreak, international organizations provided conflicting recommendations for disinfecting surfaces contaminated by uncontrolled patient spills. We compared the efficacy of four chlorine solutions (sodium hypochlorite, sodium dichloroisocyanurate, high ­test hypochlorite, and generated hypochlorite) for disinfection of three surface types (stainless steel, heavy duty tarp, and nitrile), with and without pre­cleaning practices (pre­wiping and/or covering) and soil load. The test organisms were E. coli and the Ebola surrogate Phi6. All tests achieved a minimum of 5.9­ and 3.1­log removal in E. coli and Phi6, respectively. A 15­-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine was sufficient to ensure less than 8 Phi6 PFU/cm2 in all tests. While chlorine types were equally efficacious with and without soil load, variation was seen by surface type. Wiping did not increase disinfection efficacy, and is not recommended as it generates infectious waste. Covering spills decreased disinfection efficacy against E. coli on heavy ­duty tarp but does prevent splashing, which is critical in Ebola contexts. Our results support the recommendation of a 15-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine, independently of chlorine type, surface, pre­-cleaning practices, and organic matter, as an efficacious measure to interrupt disease transmission from uncontrolled spills in Ebola outbreaks.
Form 700 comments
Comments about Form 700 schedules Link to Form 700 overview: http://www.fppc.ca.gov/Form700.html  This dataset contains records from the comments sections across all electronic Form 700 filings with the SFEC.  To see all the data from a specific filing, you should search all the datasets listed <a href="https://sfethics.org/disclosures/city-officer-disclosure/statement-of-economic-interests-city-officer-disclosure/data-statement-of-economic-interests">on this page</a> and filter by the filingId of the specific filing.
Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in Niger--Household Description
This dataset describes the households and its members surveyed as part of the Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in the Maradi and Zinder regions in Niger.  In fiscal year 2012, USAID's Office of Food for Peace (FFP) awarded funding to private voluntary organizations (PVOs) to design and implement a multi-year Title II development food assistance program in Niger. The main purpose of the Title II program is to improve long-term food security of chronically food insecure population in the target regions. The purpose of the study was to assess the current status of key indicators, have a better understanding of prevailing conditions and perceptions of the population in the implementation areas, and serve as a point of comparison for future final evaluations.  Results would also be used to further refine program targeting and, where possible, to understand the relationship between variables to inform program design.  The study was conducted in 2013.
Medicaid Chronic Conditions, Inpatient Admissions and Emergency Room Visits by Zip Code: Beginning 2012
This data set contains information on selected chronic health conditions in the Medicaid population at the zip code level. The chronic health conditions were identified through 3M Clinical Risk Group software and Medicaid enrollment/eligibility, encounter, claim and pharmacy data over a 12-month period.
Parcels and Assessor’s information
Information on parcels within the city limits.
Streetcar Blockages and Delays
Data Description: This data set is a log of any instance that causes a delay within the streetcar system where a streetcar is physically blocked from moving. A blockage is defined as any delay that exceeds 2 minutes and is not caused due to heavy traffic. While blockages can occur at any point along the track, the data is tracked by location at the intersection or mid-block.  Data Creation: TransDev  Data Created By: TransDev  Refresh Frequency: Daily   CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/Streetcar-Blockages-and-Delays/iq5g-qgvu/  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Franchise - Gas
Polygons delineating the gas franchise areas in Pierce County. The franchise granted allows the holder of the franchise to operate in County Right-of-Ways, though it is possible that the holder of the franchise does not provide service in all of their franchise area. This data has not been updated since 1999 and should be used with caution. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpubw_franchise_gas.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
City of Miami Active Positions
City of Miami Active Positions
Retail Reports by City in Colorado
Number of returns, gross sales, retail sales, state net taxable sales, retailers, and state sales tax summarized monthly by city from the Colorado Department of Revenue.
Animal Services Customer Ratings
Data on the City of Plano Animal Service's Department. This data-set contains information on the Department's customer feedback ratings. These scores are tabulated once a quarter.
Aircraft Parking Location Inventory at SFO
Aircraft parking spot inventory
Cobertura educativa 2015 Sabanalarga Casanare
Información  sobre las instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Sabanalarga Casanare
Iowa Unemployment Insurance Claimants by Occupational Group (Monthly)
Characteristics of the Insured Unemployed.  This dataset provides information on the occupational composition of unemployment insurance claimants. The data are based on those who file a continued claim in the week containing the 19th of the month, which reflects unemployment during the week containing the 12th. This corresponds with the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Current Population Survey.  (Source: ETA-203)
COVID-19 Manifold Locations
<strong>A. SUMMARY</strong> This dataset contains the locations of the temporary manifolds (water spigots) that the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) has provided in response to the COVID-19 emergency. All manifolds are open from 7:00am-5:00pm daily. On weekdays, the manifolds are staffed from 9:00-5:00pm with a staff member to monitor and sanitize the station, and provide cups to residents.  <strong>B. HOW THE DATASET IS CREATED</strong> The SFPUC manages the manifolds and updates locations as needed.  <strong>C. UPDATE PROCESS</strong> Updated automatically daily at 7am.   <strong>D. HOW TO USE THIS DATASET</strong> This dataset can be used with other geospatial layers to look at the distribution of these COVID response manifolds in relation to other resources or points of interest. It's important to note that these manifolds are additional hand-washing stations that have been distributed during the COVID emergency - this dataset is not representative of all public-access water sources and should not be used to assess broader access to clean water.
LADWP Solar Incentive Program
The Solar Incentive Program offers customers an incentive to offset the cost of installing a solar rooftop system on their home or business.  LADWP has been helping customers to go solar since 1999.  This metric measures the Net Energy Metering (NEM) Installed Capacity (Kilowatts).
Parks & Recreation Awards
Grant and Partnership figures.
2017 Central Line-Associated Bloodstream Infections (CLABSI) Table – Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals
Oregon hospitals report CLABSIs from adult, pediatric, and neonatal intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, and medical/surgical wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html.
Beach Water Quality Data
Ramsey County regularly tests beaches for water quality during beach season, from June through August each year. Ramsey County uses the state E. coli water quality standard to identify water bodies that may be contaminated with fecal waste. Higher levels of E. coli in the water may or may not be accompanied by higher levels and an increased risk of harmful bacteria; varying survival rates of bacteria make is impossible to definitively state when these harmful bacteria are present. Two samples are taken from each Ramsey County beach weekly to test E. coli levels.
Ferment on Premises Total Volume of Production of Wine and Beer
Statistical data on number of licensed ferment on premises operators in NS, and the total volume of production of wine and beer compared, excluding kits sold for production at home
Cuadro de Clasificación Documental vigente de 1964 a 2017 - Banco de la República
El Cuadro de Clasificación Documental - CCD es un instrumento de especial importancia para la ciudadanía, por cuanto en este se consignan las series documentales que durante su historia institucional ha producido el Banco. El CCD correspondiente a esta vigencia incluye las series documentales producidas por el Banco entre el período de 1964 y 2017. Su estructura contiene el código de la serie documental, la denominación de las series y el nombre de las dependencias que produjeron la información, independientemente de que estas existan en la actualidad. Se incluye la vigencia. Las series se encuentran ordenadas de forma numérica ascendente acorde con el código de las series.
AMRMS-Pilots
An aerial monitoring program was conducted during the period 1962 - 2007 in cooperation with aerial spotters working for the commercial purse seine fleet. Flights were conducted throughout the year to estimate abundance of pelagic fishes off California and Baja California, Mexico. Measurements were recorded for each identifiable species in 10'-longitude by 10'-latitude blocks. This data file provides each pilot's name with their assigned pilot code used in the effort and sighting files.
Malawi Baseline Impact Evaluation: Food Consumption Data
Feed the Future initiative in Malawi is committed to improving food security and nutrition in farming households while reducing rural poverty through an agriculture-­led, integrated economic growth, nutrition, and natural resource management strategy. The goal of the impact evaluation is to determine whether integrating nutrition interventions  alongside agricultural value chain interventions will contribute to a greater reduction in malnutrition among children under 3 years of age, compared to nutrition improvements anticipated from stand-­alone value chain activities.    The main objectives are to enable USAID missions to meet the performance monitoring requirements of Feed the Future and maximize the use and benefits of data collected; provide high-­quality empirical evidence to inform program design and investment decisions that will promote sustainable food security; ensure timely availability of high­quality data for use in monitoring performance and evaluating impacts of the Feed the Future initiative; and facilitate accountability and learning about which Feed the Future interventions work best, under what conditions, and at what cost.
Cargos personal administrativo 2019-1
Descripción de cargos ocupados por el personal administrativo de la Universidad
Bronx Remediation Sites as of 2007
The points in this file represent only the existence of a site which has cleanup currently, or has undergone cleanup under the oversight of DEC. This dataset includes a single point location for a subset of sites which are currently included in one of the Remedial Programs being overseen by the Division of Environmental Remediation.
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS CALARCA QUINDIO
Instituciones educativas del Municipio de Calarcá Quindío.
Burke Gilman Trail north of NE 70th St Bicycle and Pedestrian Counter
These sensors counts both people riding bikes and pedestrians. Separate volumes are tallied for each travel mode. Wires in a diamond formation in the concrete detect bikes and an infrared sensor mounted on a wooden post detects pedestrians. The counters also capture the direction of travel for both bikes and pedestrians.
Residential Short Term Rental Permits
Current and historical details of Short Term Rental Property (STRP) applications and issued permits since the beginning of the program.
2015 QHP Landscape NV Individual Market Medical
For instructions on how to read and use this data, visit: https://data.healthcare.gov/download/7n3t-f984/application/pdf
Inventario avicola en el departamento de Sucre 2016
Inventarioo de especies avicolas en el departamento de sucre durante el año  2016.
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Labour Educational Attainment 1991-2001
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports employment by highest level of education attained. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Commonwealth Connect Service Requests
Non-emergency service requests submitted through Cambridge's Commonwealth Connect application powered by SeeClickFix Open311.     Please note that the City of Cambridge uses Commonwealth Connect to track both public and internal work orders. Occasionally, a ticket will change from internal to public, or vice-versa. All tickets that originated as public requests are included in this dataset. However, technical constraints prevent us from displaying information for tickets that originated as internal work orders.    Prior to using Commonwealth Connect, the City utilized iReport. Three open datasets derive from historical iReport data:   -Pothole Repair Requests (https://data.cambridgema.gov/Public-Works/Pothole-Repair-Requests/h2y4-rf5c)  -Graffiti Cleanup Requests (https://data.cambridgema.gov/Public-Works/Graffiti-Clean-Up-Requests/hk2d-8z9b)  -Unshoveled/Icy Sidewalk Complaints (https://data.cambridgema.gov/Public-Works/Unshoveled-Icy-Sidewalk-Complaints/72bt-ct3c)  -Snow/Ice Sidewalk Ordinance Violations (https://data.cambridgema.gov/Public-Works/Snow-Ice-Sidewalk-Ordinance-Violations/q8b2-58ab)
Federal Tax-Exempt Subsection Codes in Colorado
Description of IRS tax-exempt subsection codes and the type of federal return each type must file.
Vital Signs: Population – Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Population (LU1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Population estimates  LAST UPDATED October 2019  DESCRIPTION Population is a measurement of the number of residents that live in a given geographical area, be it a neighborhood, city, county or region.  DATA SOURCES U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census  No link available (1960-1990) http://factfinder.census.gov (2000-2010)  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates Table E-6: County Population Estimates (1961-1969) Table E-4: Population Estimates for Counties and State (1971-1989) Table E-8: Historical Population and Housing Estimates (2001-2018) Table E-5: Population and Housing Estimates (2011-2019) http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census - via Longitudinal Tract Database Spatial Structures in the Social Sciences, Brown University Population Estimates (1970 - 2010) http://www.s4.brown.edu/us2010/index.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey  5-Year Population Estimates (2011-2017) http://factfinder.census.gov  U.S. Census Bureau: Intercensal Estimates Estimates of the Intercensal Population of Counties (1970-1979) Intercensal Estimates of the Resident Population (1980-1989) Population Estimates (1990-1999) Annual Estimates of the Population (2000-2009) Annual Estimates of the Population (2010-2017) No link available (1970-1989) http://www.census.gov/popest/data/metro/totals/1990s/tables/MA-99-03b.txt http://www.census.gov/popest/data/historical/2000s/vintage_2009/metro.html https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-total-metro-and-micro-statistical-areas.html  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) All legal boundaries and names for Census geography (metropolitan statistical area, county, city, and tract) are as of January 1, 2010, released beginning November 30, 2010, by the U.S. Census Bureau. A Priority Development Area (PDA) is a locally-designated area with frequent transit service, where a jurisdiction has decided to concentrate most of its housing and jobs growth for development in the foreseeable future. PDA boundaries are current as of August 2019.  For more information on PDA designation see http://gis.abag.ca.gov/website/PDAShowcase/.  Population estimates for Bay Area counties and cities are from the California Department of Finance, which are as of January 1st of each year. Population estimates for non-Bay Area regions are from the U.S. Census Bureau. Decennial Census years reflect population as of April 1st of each year whereas population estimates for intercensal estimates are as of July 1st of each year. Population estimates for Bay Area tracts are from the decennial Census (1970 -2010) and the American Community Survey (2008-2012 5-year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Estimates of population density for tracts use gross acres as the denominator.  Population estimates for Bay Area PDAs are from the decennial Census (1970 - 2010) and the American Community Survey (2006-2010 5 year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Population estimates for PDAs are derived from Census population counts at the tract level for 1970-1990 and at the block group level for 2000-2017. Population from either tracts or block groups are allocated to a PDA using an area ratio.  For example, if a quarter of a Census block group lies with in a PDA, a quarter of its population will be allocated to that PDA.  Tract-to-PDA and block group-to-PDA area ratios are calculated using gross acres.   Estimates of population density for PDAs use gross acres as the denominator.   Annual population estimates for metropolitan areas outside the Bay Area are from the Census and are benchmarked to each decennial Census. The annual estimates in the 1990s were not updated to match the 2000 benchmark.  The followi
Registro_Activos_de_Informacion_Diciembre_2019
Registro Activos de Información Diciembre 2019
COVID-19 cases in the past 14 days by Long Term Care Facilities
The dataset provides information on cases among residents and staff at LTCFs, which are a critical part of the continuum of health care. LTCFs include skilled nursing, independent living, assisted living and board and care facilities. Source: California Reportable Disease Information Exchange. Data Notes: These data may represent ongoing investigations and as such may change as additional information are collected. Only LTCFs within Santa Clara County are listed. Residents and staff working at these facilities and who are residents of Santa Clara County are included in these counts.
DOF: Cooperative Comparable Rental Income – Staten Island – FY 2011/2012
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
Estructura empresarial Medellín, según comunas y divisiones de la CIIU 2018
Estructura empresarial Medellín, según comunas y divisiones de la CIIU 2018
2017- 2018 Class Size Report City K-8 Average Class Size
2017- 2018 Class Size Report City K-8 Average Class Size
Catch Basin Cleanings / Inspections
Catch Basins cleaned and inspected.  This data is updated nightly.
Eco Station Users Monthly
Eco Station users measures the number of vehicle visits to Edmonton's four Eco Stations.
[ARCHIVED] NHS Income Low Income
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports incidence of low income. This data is sourced from the 2011 National Household Survey.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Missouri Farmers' Markets
This dataset is updated MON-FRI at 8:30PM
Proved Reserves Of Natural Gas By State T4.1 2007
Proved Reserves Of Natural Gas By State T4.1 2007
Puntos TIC y Puntos Vive Digital de Tuluá
Listado de Puntos Vive Digital y Puntos TIC para la comunidad del Municipio de Tuluá
Food and Pool Plan Review
The dataset includes plan review submitted for new or remodeled construction with a food service or public swimming pool facility.    Update Frequency:  Daily
Veredas de Natagaima Tolima
Listado de las 35 Veredas de Natagaima Tolima
FOIPOP Applications Received By Requests By Applicant Type (All Entities) 2016-2017
The number of applications received by departments and other public bodies under the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (FOIPOP Act) according to the type of applicant for the fiscal year 2016-2017.
Rate PUF - 2017
The Rate PUF (Rate-PUF) is one of the files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The Rate-PUF contains plan-level data on individual rates based on an eligible subscriber’s age, tobacco use, and geographic location. These data either originate from the Rate Table template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
Estado de  Ganado otras especies 2016-2018
Estado de  Ganado otras especies 2016-2018
Report Card SQSS for 2018-19
This file includes Report Card Dual Credit, 9th Grade on track, and regular attendance data for the 2018-19 school year. This data is disaggregated by the school, district, and state levels and includes counts and discipline rates of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information and notes for downloading this data.
Iowa Lottery Weekly Sales by Game Type
Ongoing Iowa Lottery sales, from the beginning of fiscal year 2016,  aggregated by week (Sunday through Saturday) and by game type (lotto, instant-scratch, instaplay, and pull-tab games);
Medicare National HCPCS Aggregate Summary Table CY2017
The Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File (Physician and Other Supplier PUF) provides information on services and procedures provided to Medicare beneficiaries by physicians and other healthcare professionals. The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2017 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
Statement of Revenues Expenditures & Changes in Fund Balance
Dollars in Thousands
[ARCHIVED] Census Population by 5 Year Age Groups
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports population by selected 5-year age groups. This data is sourced from the Census of Population.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Arbor Day Tree Sales (2010 - Current Year)
Naperville has an annual tree sale for residents.This dataset tracks annual tree sale volumes and analyzes the cumulative stormwater, energy and carbon dioxide (CO2) benefits of the trees since 2010 based on on the National Tree Benefits Calculator (http://www.treebenefits.com/calculator/).
Median Class Size Grades 7-11 Science Math Language By District 2009
Median Class Size Grades 7-11 Science Math Language By District 2009
Indice de información clasificada y reservada
A través de este archivo la Empresa de Servicios Públicos de Cajicá SA ESP, informa a sus usuarios la información que se ha clasificado como reservada.
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2009
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2009
Economic Development Compliance: Active Chapter 380 Agreement Evaluation Criteria
This data set summarizes all executed agreements between private partners and the City of Austin, detailing basic information contained in the contracts, compliance terms, estimated values and other information.  This data set is updated regularly to include updates, changes, additions and adjustments.
CorStat - Reference Question Statistics
Questions asked by library patrons and responded to by library staff. This assistance may be requested in person or remotely and from a variety of public desks. Data is provided by a monthly administration report created by the Library and Recreation Services management staff.
Strategic Measure_HE.F.5_Number of City supported fresh food access points in census tracts with higher than average food insecurity rates
Row level data shows City-supported fresh food access points in Austin along with corresponding projected 2020 food insecurity rates by census tract as estimated by Feeding America, Map the Meal Gap.    View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/4kkw-9wiu
Sitios de Interés Turístico en el Municipio de Pijao
Informacion basica de los diferentes sitios de intere turistico del municipio de Pijao
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Swiney: Effects of ocean acidification and increased temperatures on juvenile red king crab
Multiple stressor studies are needed to better understand the effects of oceanic changes on marine organisms. To determine the effects of near-future ocean acidification and warming temperature on juvenile red king crab (Paralithodes camtschaticus) survival, growth, and morphology, we conducted a long-term (184 d) fully crossed experiment with two pHs and three temperatures: ambient pH (~7.99), pH 7.8, ambient temperature, ambient +2 degree C, and ambient +4 degree C, for a total of 6 treatments.
OER Cleanup Sites
Properties remediated under OER's oversight, both in the E-Designation program and the NYC Voluntary Cleanup Program.  Includes sites completed and in progress.
Constant Contact Subscribers
The City issues press releases and service notifications through a Constant Contact email distribution list. This measure tracks the numbers of subscribers that have signed up to receive emails from the City of Janesville Press Release list.
Business Services - Credit Services Calls
This dataset contains information about phone calls to Credit Services. The data includes hold times, call times and if the call was answered or abandoned.
Veredas
Listado de veredas del Municipio de Monterrey.
City Health - Children in Poverty
Children in Poverty: Children living in households ≤100% of the federal poverty level (%)
Procurement - Bid Tabulations
The bid tabulations provided herein are preliminary and are for informational purposes only. The purpose of providing this preliminary information is to improve process transparency. The information contained in the preliminary bid tabulations is subject to change pending math review, analysis of all bids, and review of documentation provided.  Bids: All bids estimated at $25,000 or more are publicly opened and read at the time, date, and place specified in the bid document.  RFP/RFQ/RFI: Responses to RFP/RFQ/RFI are not publicly opened. Names of respondents will be made available based on the names identified on the sealed package and is, therefore, subject to change.    For bid tabulations before June 2016 see https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/d/pn38-yupm
Average Annual Wages By Degree And Discipline 2011-2
Average Annual Wages By Degree And Discipline 2011.  Data is gathered from the Utah Data Alliance fora  report to the National Center for Education Management Systems.
Department for the Aging (DFTA)  - Social Adult Day Care Services
Listing of registered agencies providing Social Adult Day Care Services with hours of operation
Tasa Repitencia nivel Primaria
Base de datos que contiene el porcentaje de Repitentes nivel primaria años 2011-2018
Aging and Disability Services - Client Level Data 2011
The City’s Aging and Disability Services (ADS) addresses the environmental, economic, and social factors that influence the health and well-being of older adults. In an effort to ensure all older adults experience stable health and can age in place, the Human Services Department invests in a combination of direct services and in funding agencies that serve our older adults. ADS supports older individuals, those living with a disability, and their families.   This dataset is taken from an ADS database that tracks services to clients. That is, each record in the dataset holds information from a specific service provided to an individual client. Services are provided both by direct City services and by those the City contracts with. Due to the sensitivity of this data, efforts have been made to remove any personally identified information from the records. As different service providers are required to collect different kinds of information, some fields appear NULL or blank.
Register of dams
This is the register of dams referred to in s.58 of the Act.    The register also includes the list of "listed" dams referred to in s.70(b) of the Act.
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Swiney: Red king crab fecundity and embryo and larval quality
Stock assessment of Alaskan red king crab, Paralithodes camtschaticus (Tilesius, 1815), can be improved by incorporating reproductive output, which requires an understanding of the size-fecundity relationship, interannual and seasonal variability in fecundity, and maternal size effects on embryo and larval quality. We collected red king crab egg clutches from Bristol Bay, Alaska, in summer of 2007-2010 and autumn of 2007-2009 and estimated fecundity. A monitoring project examining the size-fecundity relationship began in 2012 and data is collected every other year.In June 2009 and 2010 we collected embryo clutches of recently extruded red king crab embryos in Bristol Bay, Alaska, to assess embryo quality based on dry weight, carbon and nitrogen content. To assess larval quality, we collected ovigerous females from Bristol Bay in 2007 and reared them in the laboratory until larval hatching in 2008. Larval quality based on dry weight, carbon and nitrogen content, and time to 50% mortality under starvation conditions was assessed.
Viviendas Construidas en Macroproyectos  en el  Valle del Cauca del año 2009 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre  las Viviendas Construidas en Macroproyectos  en el Valle del Cauca del año 2009 al 2018
CDC STATE System Tobacco Legislation - Smokefree Indoor Air
1995-2020. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).  State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System. Legislation – Smokefree Indoor Air. The STATE System houses current and historical state-level legislative data on tobacco use prevention and control policies. Data are reported on a quarterly basis. Data include information related to state legislation on smokefree indoor air in areas such as: Bars, Commercial Day Care Centers, Government Multi-Unit Housing, Government Worksites, Home-Based Day Care Centers, Hotels and Motels, Personal Vehicles, Private Multi-Unit Housing, Private Worksites, Restaurants, Bingo Halls, Casinos, Enclosed Arenas, Grocery Stores, Hospitals, Hospital Campuses, Malls, Mental Health Outpatient and Residential Facilities, Prisons, Public Transportation, Racetrack Casinos, Substance Abuse Outpatient and Residential Facilities.
ARCHIVED - DCL 4.3 Illegal Operation Resolution - Permit Issued by County FY13-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
APS 2.1 Intake Priority by County and Region FY2010-FY2019
DFPS sets priorities for the delivery of protective services. In establishing priorities, DFPS defines timeframes for conducting initial face-to-face interviews with alleged victims. The priorities are based on severity and immediacy of alleged threat to the life or physical safety of the alleged victim.  (40 Texas Administrative Code §705.2101)   The initial face-to-face contact with the alleged victim is conducted according to the following priorities:   Priority 1: Allegations that the victim is in a state of serious harm or is in danger of death from abuse or neglect. APS makes face-to-face contact within 24 hours of SWI’s receipt of Priority I allegations.  Priority 2: Allegations that the victim is abused, neglected, or financially exploited and, as a result, is at risk of serious harm. APS makes face-to-face contact within three calendar days of SWI’s receipt of Priority II allegations.   Priority 3: All other allegations that the victim is in a state of abuse or neglect. APS makes face-to-face contact within seven calendar days of SWI’s receipt of Priority III allegations.   Priority 4: Allegations of financial exploitation when there is no danger of imminent impoverishment or deprivation of basic needs.  APS makes face-to-face contact within 14 calendar days of SWI’s receipt of Priority IV allegations.     Inclusion is based on the Intake Closure Date.
Total Fertility Rates For Utah And The US Table 4.6
This data set contains Total Fertility Rates for Utah and the United States from the National Center for Health Statistics as reported in the Economic Report to the Governor 2016.
Business Rules PUF 2016
The Business Rules PUF (BR-PUF) is one of the seven files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The BR-PUF contains plan-level data on the application of rates, such as allowed relationships (e.g., spouse, dependents) and tobacco use. These data either originate from the Business Rules template (i.e., template field), an Excel-based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
ESTABLECIMIENTOS FARMACÉUTICOS AUTORIZADOS: DEPOSITO DE DROGAS, DROGUERÍAS Y OTROS PRODUCTOS FARMACÉUTICOS
LISTADO DE ESTABLECIMIENTOS FARMACÉUTICOS AUTORIZADOS: DEPOSITO DE DROGAS Y DROGUERÍAS Y OTROS PRODUCTOS FARMACÉUTICO.
Tasa de Cambio Representativa del Mercado- TRM
La Tasa de Cambio Representativa del Mercado–TRM corresponde al promedio ponderado de las operaciones de compra y venta de contado de dólares de los Estados Unidos de América a cambio de moneda legal colombiana. Se adjunta archivo con explicación detallada.
Middlefield Junction
Pool resources and jointly redevelop Middlefield Junction with Redwood City and identify the best use of all parcels to most efficiently serve the community, engage residents, and add affordable housing stock, regardless of jurisdictional boundaries. DOHMJ Measure K Performance
PEI 1.2 Average Monthly Youth Served by County, Region, and PEI Program FY2010-2019
The Division of Prevention and Early Intervention (PEI) was created to consolidate child abuse prevention and juvenile delinquency prevention and early intervention programs within the jurisdiction of a single state agency. Consolidation of these programs is intended to eliminate fragmentation and duplication of contracted prevention and early intervention services for at-risk children, youth, and families.  These are the current programs targeting juvenile delinquency prevention:  Community Youth Development (CYD) - The CYD program contracts with community-based organizations to develop juvenile delinquency prevention programs in ZIP codes with high juvenile crime rates. Approaches used by communities to prevent delinquency have included mentoring, youth employment programs, career preparation, youth leadership development and recreational activities.  Communities prioritize and fund specific prevention services according to local needs. CYD services are available in 15 targeted Texas ZIP codes.  Services to At-Risk Youth (STAR) - The STAR program contracts with community agencies to offer family crisis intervention counseling, short- term emergency respite care, and individual and family counseling. Youth up to age 17 and their families are eligible if they experience conflict at home, truancy or delinquency, or a youth who runs away from home. STAR services are available in all 254 Texas counties. Each STAR contractor also provides universal child abuse prevention services, ranging from local media campaigns to informational brochures and parenting classes.  Statewide Youth Services Network (SYSN) - The SYSN program contracts provide community and evidence-based juvenile delinquency prevention programs focused on youth ages 10 through 17, in each DFPS region.  NOTE:  For FY15, as a result of a new procurement, the overall number of youth served decreased however the service requirements were enhanced with additional programmatic components.  Data as of February 17, 2020.
AFILIADOS ACTIVOS EN RÉGIMEN CONTRIBUTIVO EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DE NORTE DE SANTANDER (Corte Agosto 2020)
Cantidad de afiliados activos  en el régimen contributivo en cada uno de los municipios que conforman el departamento Norte de Santander para las vigencias 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 y con corte mes de Agosto de 2020.
Transportation Planning Agencies - Expenditures/Expenses
2003-2019 Transportation Planning Agencies Financial Transactions Report - Expenditures/Expenses, for the finance application.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS040
Driver Feedback Sign DFS040  Latitude: 53.553254 Longitude: -113.508541  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS PUERTO LOPEZ
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Puerto López - Meta
Kansas City Monthly Car Auction
AUCTION RULES AND REGULATIONS :  In order to ensure that order is maintained, acts of theft are eliminated, and to keep the risk of any loss to a minimum on auction days, auction customers must:  Be licensed with the State of Missouri, as a salvage dealer in order to purchase salvage vehicles. If the buyer present at an auction is not listed on the state salvage license, a letter from the owner of the company must be on file, authorizing the buyer to purchase vehicles under the companies state salvage license.  If the buyer is a salvage dealer operating inside the city limits of the City of Kansas City, they must have been issued a State of Missouri salvage license and a KCMO Salvage Yard permit; OR be a KCMO licensed automotive repair business with a Non-Salvage Yard determination.  - All buyers must register with the auctioneer and be issued a buyer number. Buyer numbers must be worn at all times.  - All buyers must have valid state ID to register.  - All buyers must be at least 18 years of age.   Penalties may be imposed on auction customers for failure to comply with all established protocols and procedures. A buyer may be suspended or banned for a period of 3 years or permanently banned for violation of established auction protocols and procedures. Buyer may be removed immediately and given a 3 year suspension for:  - Disruptive, disrespectful, obscene or abusive language toward other customers, the auctioneer or   City staff members.  - Refusal to follow legal direction of City staff or auctioneers.  - Bidders may enter the driver’s side door of a vehicle to access the hood release only. Entering vehicles to access trunks, glove boxes, or interior areas will result in immediate removal and permanent suspension.  - Dumping trash from purchased vehicles on the lot before taking the purchased vehicle.  - Failing to take all vehicle parts when taking the purchased vehicle from the lot.  - Failure to pay for vehicles purchased at an auction. (Upon completion of the three year suspension, a $500.00 deposit will be required for all purchases made)  - Failure to pay security deposit for vehicles purchased at auction, when required.  - 2nd violation of any offense listed as a 6 month suspension     Buyers may be banned permanently for:  - Any form of theft.  - Any 2nd failure to pay for vehicles purchased.  - Assault on another customer, city staff member, the auctioneer and their staff or anyone on Tow Service property.  - Any misrepresentation, as a buyer for a company, when not authorized or without written approval, from that company to act as a buyer for said company.  - Being found in violation of any city code pertaining to inoperable vehicles on property owned or controlled by the buying company or individual buyer.  - Attempting to purchase vehicles while under a 6-month or 12-month suspension.     All sales must be final and paid in full by 4:30 PM on the day of the sale.  The auctioneer will process all final sales and provide documentation of the sale to the City outlining each transaction by the close of business on the day of the auction. Additionally, the auctioneer will provide a check for the proceeds of the auction to the City by the end of business on the day of the auction as outlined in the contract. No exceptions.  The City does not guarantee a title to unclaimed vehicles sold at auction. All unclaimed vehicles are sold on a Missouri Department of Revenue form #4579, “Abandoned Property Bill of Sale”. Buyers will receive a bill of sale within 14 days of the auction date. Buyers that lose their original bill of sale will be charged $10.00 for a duplicate bill of sale. The bill of sale can be used to obtain a title in the state of Missouri following procedures established by the Missouri Department of Revenue. It may not be accepted by other states. The purchaser must make application within 30 days of purchase for an original title, salvage title, or junking certificate.  It is the responsibility of the buyer
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Paraguay, 2010 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Paraguay as part of its 2010 of round surveys.   The 2010 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and Centro de Informacion y Recursos para el Desarollo (CIRD).
FDNY Line Of Duty Deaths
Rank, Name, Unit and Date of FDNY Member deaths
2012 State Employee Pay
Pay Information for calendar year 2012 for the employees of the State of Missouri by their Agency of employment, Position Title or Employee name.
NYC Health + Hospitals Options - income eligibility - 2011
The NYC Health + Hospitals Options is a discount payment scale that determines fees for NYC Health + Hospitals services for New Yorkers who do not qualify or cannot afford any of the free or low cost health insurance plans available. The reduced fees are based on family size and income. This data shows the minimum and maximum income levels needed to be eligible for the reduced rates in 2011.
Maryland Ozone Exceedance Days in 2004
Maryland 8-Hour Ozone Concentrations Exceeding 2008 Health-Based Standard in ppb, Finalized Data.  In 2008 EPA set the ozone standard to 75 ppb.  High levels of ozone can cause health effects including increased asthma attacks and other respiratory effects.  You can get more information about the health effects at http://www.epa.gov/air/ozonepollution/.  This data set details which monitoring locations in Maryland exceeded the standard during the year and the maximum concentrations on the dates the standard was exceeded.  More information on Maryland's air quality monitoring is available at http://www.mde.state.md.us/programs/Air/AirQualityMonitoring/Pages/index.aspx.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Municipio de La Virginia
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de La Virginia.
Everett Neighborhood-Census Tract Bridge
This dataset provides a bridge between 2010 census tracts and neighborhoods in Everett. Note that census tracts and neighborhood boundaries do not exactly intersect. Therefore, certain tracts will lie in multiple neighborhoods.
Senior Housing Apartments
Locations and capacity of senior housing apartments in the County.
Institutional Provider Network Data: 2018 Quarter 4
The Institutional Provider Network Data displays information on health facilities and ancillary service providers (for example: hospitals, labs, home care agencies) participating in health plan networks through the months of October to the end of December, 2018. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by the Department of Health, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans.
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 3, Table 4
Proportion (%) of live born babies with low birthweight by ACT maternal Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander status, 2004–06 to 2013–15. Note: Includes live born babies born in the ACT to ACT resident women.
School Nutrition Programs - Contact Information and Site-Level Program Participation - Program Year 2020-2021
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> In March 2020, USDA began allowing flexibility in nutrition assistance program policies in order to support continued meal access should the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) impact meal service operation. Flexibilities were extended into the 2020-2021 program year and allowed School Nutrition Programs to operate summer meal service programs through December 2020 as needed. <p>  <b>The CEs and sites listed in this dataset may be operating under programs other than the School Nutrition Programs as part of the USDA's flexibilities during this period. Due to this variability, this dataset will only contain contact information for educational entities operating a Food & Nutrition program.</b><P>  For more information on the waivers implemented for this purpose, please visit our website at <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">SquareMeals.org</a>. <p>  An overview of <b>all SNP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/e2dm-5r4v target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - School Nutrition Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <hr> <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by September 1 of the active program year. Updates will occur quarterly and end 90 days after the close of the program year. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change. After 90 days from the close of the program year, this dataset will remain published but will no longer be updated.<p>   <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP), and summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <b>For more information on these programs, please visit us at <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">SquareMeals.org</a>.</b><br>
Collaborative Site Formation within Employee Website
Contains formational information about specific collaborative sites within Marin County's internal employee website, called the HUB. Information includes the site name and its publication date.  Information is updated quarterly when new collaborative sites, if any, are added.  A collaborative site is for a targeted group of employees.  They can find resources particular to their group.  Resources may include access to group documents, surveys for the group, group lists, messages to the group, and more.   Usage of specified collaborative sites is tracked in the "Usage of Employee Website" dataset.
[DRAFT] Priority Permits
This dataset includes priority permitting updates for DA projects as they make progress with vertical construction  This dataset may change without warning as we are reworking data update process.
Weekly Initial Unemployment Claims by County
Weekly initial claims applications for Unemployment Insurance as reported to the Department of Labor.
CT DCF Abuse/Neglect Reports and Allegations by Town and State Fiscal Year
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning abuse/neglect reports accepted for a response from DCF.  Traditionally, DCF has had only one manner of responding to such reports, which was a mandated Child Protective Services (CPS) Investigation.  As of April 2012, DCF began responding to low-risk reports through a voluntary Family Assessment Response (FAR) process.  Reports handled through a FAR response still contain allegations that meet the statutory definitions of neglect, but they do not receive a decision concerning whether they are substantiated or not.  This policy has resulted in fewer substantiated allegations since its implementation, but the agency continues to serve as many or more families reported for abuse/neglect.
Zonas de Parqueo del Municipio de Acacías
Contiene latitud y longitud de cada una de las zonas de parqueo en el municipio de Acacías
Poverty Data By City, Tract And County In Utah 2013
This data set contains average income and poverty data by city, census tract and counties in Utah for 2013.
ENERGY STAR Certified Commercial Boilers
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 1.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Commercial Boilers that are effective as of December 20, 2016.
Corregidores  de Yopal
Corregidores de los 10  corregimientos que tiene  el Municipio de yopal.
Weber And Morgan County Public Health Services Directory
Weber And Morgan County Public Health Services Directory
Convenios de Universidades, Entidades del Estado y Privadas 2019
Cooperación entre el INTEP y universidades, entidades públicas o privadas.
EMS-Opiate Overdoses by Race FY 2018
**Static Data Set** This table shows opiate overdoses by race for Fiscal Year 2018.
Summary of DBP Quarterly Report
The data tables summarizes the disinfection by-product results for TTHM and HAA5 from distribution sites and calculated compliance values for each quarter        (a) : analyzed by EPA Method 524.3										  (b) : analyzed by EPA Method 552.3										  LRAA:   The Locational Running Annual Average (LRAA) is calculated by taking the value of this quarter and the three previous consecutive quarters.										  RAA:  	The System-wide Running Annual Average (RAA) is calculated by taking the average of the Quarterly Average of this quarter and the three previous consecutive quarters.									  OEL:    The Operational Evalution Level (OEL) is calculated by averaging 2 times this quarter's value and the two previous consecutive quarters.										     Both the LRAA and the System-wide RAA is not to exceed 80 µg/L for TTHM and 60 µg/L for HAA5.
Citywide HRA- Administered Medicaid Enrollees
Total number of enrollees in Medicaid
Utah Quarterly Wages And Salaries By Major NAICS Industry 1998 2014
Utah Quarterly Wages And Salaries By Major NAICS Industry 1998 2014
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Pathobiology: 2015 Bitter crab disease prevalence in immature Chionoecetes spp. at 6 index sites in eastern Bering Sea
This dataset contains crab data from a field survey of Chionoecetes bairdi and C. opilio collected at six designated index sites in the Bering Sea during the 2015 NOAA/NMFS/AFSC/RACE crab-groundfish bottom trawl surveys of the eastern Bering Sea. Each of the six index sites were made up of approximately 10 survey stations and chosen based on historical incidences of the parasite Hematodinium sp., the causative agent of Bitter Crab Syndrome (BCS). Blood samples were taken from collected crab using non-lethal methods and were preserved in 100% ethanol. Samples were tested in a laboratory with a DNA test to detect the presence of the parasite Hematodinium sp., the causative agent of Bitter Crab Syndrome (BCS) to evaluate any changes in intensity of disease within the index sites that may provide information as to how the disease is moving or changing within EBS crab populations. The data includes sampling year, index site, species, crab morphometrics, Hematodinium sp. parasite presence/absence based on PCR assay results.
Cook County Recorder of Deeds - Mortgages - 2011 Complete!
Mortgages recorded between January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2011
Percent Change in Property Value by Jurisdiction 2019-2020
This dataset outlines the percent changes in Aggregate Estimated Market Values by Jurisdiction from 2019 to 2020
LISTADO DE FUNCIONARIOS Y  EXTENSIONES DE LA SECRETARIA DEL INTERIOR DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO JUNIO 2019
LISTADO DE FUNCIONARIOS Y  EXTENSIONES DE LA SECRETARIA DEL INTERIOR DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO JUNIO 2019.
Información sobre arboles reforestación entregados y cerca viva en el Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística Información sobre arboles reforestación entregados y cerca viva en el Municpio de chia 2018
Tasa Pasajeros 2018
Se brinda la tasa de pasajeros que salieron desde el terminal de Armenia a diferentes destinos del país.
Contratista Cargo por formación Académica 2018-1
Estadisticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
2012 Census - Population By Single Year Of Age And Gender (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2012.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
NNDSS - Table II. Legionellosis to Malaria
NNDSS - Table II. Legionellosis to Malaria - 2017. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.    Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:   C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.      U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     *Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.     † Case counts for reporting year 2017 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for tuberculosis are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.
Counties' Net Other Postemployment Benefit Asset and Liability
Net Other Postemployment Benefit (OPEB) Asset is the amount in excess of the amount owed to a defined benefit OPEB plan based on the actuarial present value (or other method) of the projected benefit payments for plan members and their beneficiaries less the plan’s net position. Net OPEB Liability is the amount owed to a defined benefit OPEB plan based on the actuarial present value (or other method) of the projected benefit payments for plan members and their beneficiaries less the plan’s net position.
Call Data
Note! Latitude and Longitude are temporarily unavailable, while we chase down a bug. Please excuse the inconvenience (DGAL 512).   This data represents police response activity. Each row is a record of a Call for Service (CfS) logged with the Seattle Police Department (SPD) Communications Center. Calls originated from the community and range from in progress or active emergencies to requests for problem solving. Additionally, officers will log calls from their observations of the field.   Previous versions of this data set have withheld approximately 40% of calls. This updated process will release more than 95% of all calls but we will no longer provide latitude and longitude specific location data. In an effort to safeguard the privacy of our community, calls will only be located to the “beat” level. Beats are the most granular unit of management used for patrol deployment. To learn more about patrol deployment, please visit: https://www.seattle.gov/police/about-us/about-policing/precinct-and-patrol-boundaries.  As with any data, certain conditions and qualifications apply:  1)	These data are queried from the Data Analytics Platform (DAP), and updated incrementally on a daily basis. A full refresh will occur twice a year and is intended to reconcile minor changes.  2)	This data set only contains records of police response. If a call is queued in the system but cleared before an officer can respond, it will not be included.   3)	These data contain administrative call types. Use the “Initial” and “Final” call type to identify the calls you wish to include in your analysis.   We invite you to engage these data, ask questions and explore.
Recreation Fall/Winter Programs
Montgomery County Recreation Fall/Winter Programs. Updated annually
SF Development Pipeline 2019 Q2
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly. For more information please see http://sf-planning.org/pipeline-report A data dictionary can be downloaded from here: https://sfplanninggis.s3.amazonaws.com/PipelineDataDictionary.xlsx
AFSC/ABL: Yukon Delta Juvenile Chinook Salmon - River, 2014-2015
This dataset contains 2-boat tow, push net and scoop net catches from the Yukon River Delta for 2014
E.S.E HOSPITAL LOCAL DE PIEDECUESTA - MORBILIDAD VIGENCIA 2019
Esta Información corresponde a las causas de morbilidad atendidas en la E.S.E. Hospital Local de Piedecuesta ordenadas por la mas frecuente.
1200B_County Manager/Clerk of the Board
Performance measures dataset
Suicidios Según Día De Ocurrencia 1994 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados las Muertes por Causa Externa por Suicidios según el día de ocurrencia de los hechos para los años 1994 al 2017
Transit Fare Policy - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among several from the August 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5dYrPKFE8iNAYVEdoSLqse?t=1  Open from August 14 - 21, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 9,266 Insight Community Members. 2,639 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 29%. A total of 2,661 respondents completed the survey: 2,639 Insight Community Members and 12 from the call to action button on our webpage and 10 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Business License Referrals
This layer/table was created to track the more than 600 Business License checks, and nearly 75 DMV referrals, that the LA County Department of Regional Planning's Land Development Coordinating Center (LDCC) processes on an annual basis. As of July 2014, over 20,000 referrals had been processed since the 1970’s. The intent of a referral is to confirm the consistency of a proposed business with a parcel’s zoning.
Police Response to Resistance - 2018
The dataset contains details of incidents where police encountered resistance
Employee Satisfaction with City Leadership
This data is taken from the internal employee survey.
Land Use Redesignation Applications
Applications for land use redesignations, outline plans and road closures in Calgary. For more information on the land use redesignation process, visit <a href="https://www.calgary.ca/PDA/pd/Pages/Residential-Building-and-Development/Land-use-redesignation.aspx">Calgary.ca</href>.
DISTANCIAS Y CATEGORIA DE LAS VÍAS
Distancia y categoria de las vías del municipio de Calarcá
Disability Services
Participant information on people served by Aging and Disability Services that includes Medial Assistance Waiver case management and Rule 185 non-waiver case management.
priority_development_areas_pba2050
gis.msmith.priority_development_areas_pba2050
USAID Forward, Accelerate financial inclusion, improve transparency and catalyze private sector development_2010-2016
This dataset contains the number of USAID missions supporting mobile money initiatives during 2010-2016, a part of the USAID Forward reform initiative that ran from 2010-2016.   USAID Forward improved the way that the Agency delivers foreign assistance by embracing new partnerships, investing in the catalytic role of innovation, and demanding a renewed focus on results.  In 2017, the Agency determined that the work advanced under USAID Forward had largely been institutionalized.  On this site, you will find the FY 2012-2016 data related to USAID Forward's three main areas of focus: 1) Deliver results on a meaningful scale through a strengthened USAID, 2) Promote sustainable development through high-impact partnerships and local solutions, and 3) Identify and scale up innovative, breakthrough solutions to intractable development challenges.  As of October 2017, we are no longer updating information, including collecting indicators, on this legacy effort.
Air Pollution Equipment Permits
Permitted equipment by the Air Pollution Control District in San Diego County, CA (updated daily) .
Student Demographics by School
School-level enrollment by racial/ethnic designation, gender, and grade for 2007 - 2013. This dataset includes ethnicity, race, and gender data for schools in San Mateo County. Grades range from kindergarten through high school and include adult education students
Utah Police Criminal Offense Description Data
This data set contains descriptions from the Utah PIMS system which contains the latest legislative changes and updates for the criminal offense table in Utah.
Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages (QCEW) 2016-2018 County Labor and Industry
The Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages (QCEW) dataset provides information about the number of establishments within a geographic area by industry as well as the average number of employees and average weekly wages paid.  QCEW is the universe of employment covered under Pennsylvania’s unemployment insurance laws.  QCEW employment is based on the location of the position not where the person resides.
INVENTARIO KIOSCOS VIVE DIGITAL Y PUNTO VIVE DIGITAL
INVENTARIO DE LOS KIOSCOS VIVE DIGITAL Y PUNTO VIVE DIGITAL DE SEVILLA VALLE
RHNA Draft Methodology Factors (2015-2050)
Baseline: Growth 2015-2050
Especies en viveros corporativos
Especies forestales y florales nativas de la jurisdicción de Corantioquia, que han sido priorizadas y se cultivan en la red de Viveros Corporativos, como estrategia para fortalecer su recuperación, protección y conservación in situ y ex situ, y promover su uso en los diferentes proyectos de siembra para protección, restauración, enriquecimiento, ornato urbano y mitigación al cambio climático.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Demography Dataset
This dataset contains information about household demographics. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
Plan de compras y contratación 2018 ESSA
Plan de compras y contratación 2018 ESSA
Baseline Survey for an Impact Evaluation of the Greenbelt Transformation Initiative in South Sudan-Data: Section 5
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the fifth spreadsheet of seven in the Baseline Survey for an Impact Evaluation of the Greenbelt Transformation Initiative in South Sudan-Data.
MDAg - Manure Transport Financials
Cost-share provided by Maryland and poultry integrators for manure transport during fiscal years 2005-2016.
Loan Amounts and Acreage
Data provided by the Department of Agriculture
Professional and Occupational License Types in Colorado
Detail on 122 license types containing records for over 1 million individuals or businesses from the Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA), who are or have been licensed with the Division of Professions and Occupations, within more than 50 professions and occupations, and entities in the State of Colorado.
[ARCHIVED] Population Estimates
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports population estimates by 5-year age groups.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, economic regions, district health authorities
Charities Solicitation Type by Solicitation in Colorado
Non-profit organizations (NPO) communication data of paid solicitations and their description for each solicitation. From the Colorado Department of State (CDOS) Division of Charity.
Estudiantes Matriculados Por Sede - Belmira 2016
Base de datos actualizada de los estudiantes por grado y por sede matriculados en las instituciones educativas y centros educativos rurales del Municipio de Belmira a 23 de octubre de 2016
Rail Origin Dwell Times
Weekly origin dwell time data from the Surface Transportation Board’s (STB) Rail Service Metrics. The STB began collecting service metrics from railroads in October 2014. As part of their submission to STB, railroads provide "weekly average dwell time at origin for loaded unit train shipments sorted by grain, coal, automotive, crude oil, ethanol, and all other unit trains. For the purposes of this data element, dwell time refers to the time period from release of a unit train at origin or interchange location until actual movement by the receiving carrier. The data is to be reported by the receiving carrier."
AGRUPAMIENTO ESTABLECIMIENTOS DE INDUSTRIA
Relación de Establecimientos agrupados por actividad (no incluye inactivos)
Index, Violent, Property, and Firearm Rates By County: Beginning 1990
The Division of Criminal Justice Services (DCJS) collects crime reports from more than 500 New York State police and sheriffs’ departments. DCJS compiles these reports as New York’s official crime statistics and submits them to the FBI under the National Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program. UCR uses standard offense definitions to count crime in localities across America regardless of variations in crime laws from state to state. In New York State, law enforcement agencies use the UCR system to report their monthly crime totals to DCJS. The UCR reporting system collects information on seven crimes classified as Index offenses which are most commonly used to gauge overall crime volume. These include the violent crimes of murder/non-negligent manslaughter, forcible rape, robbery, and aggravated assault; and the property crimes of burglary, larceny, and motor vehicle theft. Firearm counts are derived from taking the number of violent crimes which involve a firearm. Population data are provided every year by the FBI, based on US Census information. Police agencies may experience reporting problems that preclude accurate or complete reporting. The counts represent only crimes reported to the police but not total crimes that occurred.
INDICADORES DE PRODUCCIÓN 2017
Indicadores de producción del decreto 2193 de 2004, reportados en la plataforma SIHO del Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social, correspondientes a la vigencia 2017
Children and Family Health & Well-Being - 2010
Baltimore City continues to make improving the health and lives of its residents a priority. In 2011, the City released the update of Community Health Profilesfor all CSAs as well as Healthy Baltimore 2015 Safe Homes and Families, acomprehensive health policy agenda and measures for tracking progress. In order to describe the health and well being of City residents, BNIA-JFI currently tracks thirteen adult, juvenile, and infant health indicators for Baltimore City and its neighborhoods. The data is provided by the Maryland Department of Health andMental Hygiene, Maryland Department of the Environment, Baltimore Substance Abuse Systems (BSAS), the Baltimore City Health Department, and the United States Bureau of the Census. Where possible, data is presented at the CSA and City level. For several indicators, data is only available at the zip code level.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Seed Price Dataset
This table contains conversions for seed prices. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'crop' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
Permits Issued 2014-Present (Download)
This dataset contains information on building, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, gas and well permits issued by the City of Montgomery from 2014 to present. It will be updated monthly.
CorStat - School Locations
Schools located in or near Corona, CA.
Ownership Payment Data - Detailed Dataset 2018 Reporting Year
All ownership and investment payments from the 2018 program year [January 1 – December 31, 2018]
Consolidad Educación municipio de San Luis de Palenque 2017
Consolidado de situación académica por nivel de enseñanza del Instituto Técnico Educativo Francisco Lucea del Municipio de San Luis de Palenque vigencia 2017.  Cualquier hallazgo, comentarios o sugerencias se pueden contactar a través del correo: contactenos@sanluisdepalenque-casanare.gov.co
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Labour Educational Attainment 2006
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports employment by highest level of education attained. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Assault On Police Officer Data from 2012 to present
Assault on Police Officer Statistics for the City of Hampton
Trámites de la Alcaldía de Alejandría Antioquia
Listado actualizado de los trámites inscritos por la Alcaldía de Alejandría Antioquia ante el Sistema Único de Información de Trámites del Estado  SUIT.
Inventario de bienes inmuebles de la Gobernación del Putumayo
Listado de bienes inmuebles de la Gobernación del departamento del Putumayo
Historical Population By Race Over 300 Years
Count and percent of historical population by race over 300 years in New Orleans
Producción pecuaria 2018 Tamalameque Cesar
Estadísticas de producción pecuaria del municipio de Tamalameque Cesar durante la vigencia 2018.
Records For 2016
PRR 20055 crime statistics
NCCI Procedure to Procedure Edits (PTP)
The CMS National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI) promotes national correct coding methodologies and reduces improper coding which may result in inappropriate payments of Medicare Part B claims and Medicaid claims.     NCCI procedure-to-procedure (PTP) edits define pairs of Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS)/Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes that should not be reported together for a variety of reasons. The purpose of the PTP edits is to prevent improper payments when incorrect code combinations are reported.    Practitioner services also refers to ambulatory surgical centers.  DME refers to provider claims for durable medical equipment.    The CMS National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI) promotes national correct coding methodologies and reduces improper coding which may result in inappropriate payments of Medicare Part B claims and Medicaid claims. NCCI procedure-to-procedure (PTP) edits define pairs of Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS)/Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes that should not be reported together for a variety of reasons. The purpose of the PTP edits is to prevent improper payments when incorrect code combinations are reported. The edits in this dataset are active for the dates indicated within. This file should NOT be used by state Medicaid programs as their edit file. Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes, descriptions and other data only are copyright 2017 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. CPT® is a registered trademark of the American Medical Association. Applicable FARS\DFARS Restrictions Apply to Government Use. Fee schedules, relative value units, conversion factors and/or related components are not assigned by the AMA, are not part of CPT, and the AMA is not recommending their use. The AMA does not directly or indirectly practice medicine or dispense medical services. The AMA assumes no liability for the data contained or not contained herein.    For more information, visit https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/program-integrity/ncci/index.html.
Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Module E1-07, Quantity of Food Consumed that Came from Other Sources: Section 3
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the third spreadsheet of three in the Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Module E1-07, Quantity of Food Consumed that Came from Other Sources.
Active Special Local Need (SLN) Registrations
This list contains information regarding the currently active Special Local Need, Section 24(c), registration available for use in the state of Hawaii.
2019 A-1.2 Irrigation Pumps
Electric agricultural equipment will emit less greenhouse gas emissions that older versions that consume fossil fuels.
Local Law 44 - Wage Information
The Wage Information data table includes information about borrower legal entities and contractors that have and have not provided the wage information required by Local Law 44. This is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=HPD+Local+Law+44'>Housing Projects Receiving City Financial Assistance (Local Law 44) collection of data tables</a>.
Garfield County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Garfield County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Índice Información Pública Reservada y Clasificada Departamento Vaupés
La Administración Departamental, Vaupés, Un Compromiso de Todos, publica su Índice de Información Publica que tiene carácter de Reservada y/o Clasificada según las Leyes.
SSA Eligibility Counts By Census
SSA Eligibility Counts By Census Tract 2013. This file shows the number of children and adults who received assistance from Alameda Social Services Agency from a variety of social welfare programs at any time in 2013, by Census tract. The following programs are included: CalWORKs provides monthly cash assistance to very low income families with children. CalFresh provides benefits on a plastic card that can be swiped at stores to pay for food only. Medi-Cal provides no cost or very low-cost health insurance to low income individuals and families. General Assistance provides cash assistance to very low-income adults without children. General Assistance clients who are considered employable are limited to 3 months of aid, while those considered unemployable have no time limit. Foster Care provides cash assistance to families and group homes for children whom the court has determined need a safe place to live when their parents or other relatives cannot take care of them. KinGAP provides cash assistance to relatives who take legal guardianship of former foster youth.  Adoption Assistance provides cash assistance to families who adopt former foster youth.  One caveat is that individuals may receive assistance from programs through other counties or agencies other than Alameda Social Services Agency, and they would not be counted in these figures.  For example, persons may receive Medi-Cal coverage through the Social Security Administration, rather than Alameda Social Services Agency.  In addition, children may receive Foster Care, KinGAP, or Adoption Assistance from the county where they originally resided, rather than Alameda Social Services, and these youth would also not be counted in these figures
Educator Educational Level
This dataset contains counts of full-time staff by educational level and experience. Data is aggregated at the state, district, and school level. Additionally, data is aggregated by gender, race, grade, and school type.
CalCOFI Larvae Counts, Scientific Names ED to EU
Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.
2013 Net Grand List by Town
The Grand List is the aggregate valuation of taxable property within a given town. The Total Net Grand Lists by Town Data includes a breakdown for taxable categories and exemptions under the following column headings:    Town Name, Residential, Commercial, Industrial, Public Utility, Vacant, Land Use, 10 Mill Forest, Apartments, Total Real, Real Exemptions, Total Net Real, Motor Vehicles, MV Exemptions, Total Net MV, Personal Property, Personal Property Exemptions, Total Net Personal Property, Total Net Grand List
Sitios de interes del municipio de Corrales
Se realaciona información asociada a todos los sitios de interes del municipio de Corrales en el Departamento de Boyacá con las respectivas cordenadas geodesicas incluyendo lugares públicos y privados.
Youth Risk Behavioral Surveillance System (YRBSS) Data
1993, 1995, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2015, 2017. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System. YRBSS Data. The YRBS is conducted biennially and collects data on a variety of youth risk behaviors including tobacco use. The YRBS uses a two-stage cluster sample design to produce representative samples of students in high schools (grades 9-12). The YRBS uses SUDAAN to calculate asymmetric confidence intervals based on the logit transformation. The logit transformation constrains confidence interval limits to vary between a lower limit of 0% and an upper limit of 100%. The data for the STATE System were extracted from YRBSS surveys from participating states. Tobacco topics include cigarette and e-cigarette use prevalence, cigarette and e-cigarette use frequency, and smokeless tobacco products.
Total Municipal Waste Disposed in LA County (1995-2017)
Data includes historical countywide waste disposal by waste category from 1995-2017, with total pounds per capita based on CA Department of Finance population estimates.
2014 Census - Population By Marital Status (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
2005-2015 Graduation Rates Public - School
The New York State calculation method was first adopted for the Cohort of 2001 (Class 2005). The cohort consists of al students who first entered 9th grade in a given school year (e.g., the cohort of 2006 entered 9th grade in 2006-2007 school year). Graduates are defined as those students earning either a local or regents diploma and exclude those earning either a special education (IEP) diploma for GED. In order to comply with FERPA regulations on public reporting of education outcomes, rows with a cohort of 20 or fewer students are suppressed. Due to small number of students identified as Native American or Multi-Racial these ethnicities are not reported on the Ethnicity tab, however these students are included in the counts on all other tabs.
2016 Citizen Survey - Master Dataset
Conducted by National Service Research. Participants rated various city services, quality of life issues, community characteristics, and project priorities.
Strategic_Measures_Percent of all ages and abilities bicycle network completed
This dataset supports measure M.C.6.b of SD 2023. The source of the data is the Austin Department of Transportation. Each row displays the percent of the All Ages and Abilities Bicycle Network completed. This dataset can be used to understand the progress made towards completing the All Ages and Abilities Bicycle Network. View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page : https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/fq5y-4ukw
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a MAYO de 2012
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Mayo de 2012 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
NOAA - Percentage of protected species stocks with adequate population assessments and forecasts
This measure tracks the percentage of protected species stocks for which adequate assessments are available. Assessments are vital to determine the scientific basis for supporting and evaluating the impact of management actions. To be deemed adequate, assessments must be based on recent quantitative or qualitative analysis sufficient to determine current stock status based on a variety of data category levels (e.g., life history, threats, stock structure, assessment quality, assessment frequency, and abundance), and conservation status. Stock status projections are highly dependent on survey frequencies, assessment time frames, and fiscal constraints. This measure covers the protected species stocks covered by the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) or listed under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). The number of such stocks continues to increase as new species are listed and as new stocks of listed species and marine mammals are identified— the latter typically indicates increased knowledge about population stock structure.
Medicare National HCPCS Aggregate Summary Table CY2012
The Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File (Physician and Other Supplier PUF) provides information on services and procedures provided to Medicare beneficiaries by physicians and other healthcare professionals. The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2012 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
Utah National Register Of Historic Landmarks
The National Register of Historic Places is the official list of the Nation's historic places worthy of preservation. Authorized by the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966, the National Park Service's National Register of Historic Places is part of a national program to coordinate and support public and private efforts to identify, evaluate, and protect America's historic and archeological resources.
Directory of Lobbyist Clients in Colorado
Lobbyist name and address and the names and addresses of their associated clients provided by the Colorado Department of State (CDOS).
Puntos Vive Digital
Puntos vive digital, Armenia, Quindio
FY2019 Animals Inventory
“Helping Dallas be a safe, compassionate, and healthy place for people and animals”.    Dallas Animals Inventory Data pertains to live animals currently at the shelter.    Shelter personnel assist citizens by receiving surrendered and stray animals, facilitating adoptions, transferring animals to rescue groups, and providing care to the animals in the shelter every day. Shelter personnel document their work using Chameleon software, an animal shelter management program.     The Animals Inventory Dataset is updated every hour and provides an updated record of all animals currently at hand at the Shelter. The period covered by this dataset goes from October 01, 2018 - September 30, 2019.
2018 - 2019 Average Class Size City MSHS
2018-19 Preliminary Class Size Report City Middle School and High School Core Average Class Size  Core courses identified as English, Math, Social Studies, and Science classes for grades 6-12, where available  General Education and Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) classes and course sections with more than 100 students or fewer than seven students are excluded from this report, as are self-contained courses with fewer than two students
Taps Tracker --  Water Service Application Status
Learn about the status of your water service project. Please have your project address or invoice number ready to search your project status.
Traffic Incidents
An archive of traffic incidents within Calgary updated every 10 minutes. Please note there may be gaps in the data due to system or script malfunction. For more information, see the <a href="http://www.calgary.ca/Transportation/Roads/Pages/Traffic/Advisories-closures-and-detours/Calgary-traffic-report.aspx">Calgary Traffic Report page</a>.
Crude Oil Production In Utah 25 Largest Fields T3.8 2011
Crude Oil Production In Utah 25 Largest Fields T3.8 2011
2016 & 2015 Clinic Quality Comparisons for Clinics with Five or More Service Providers
This data set includes comparative information for clinics with five or more physicians for medical claims in 2015 - 2016.     This data set was calculated by the Utah Department of Health, Office of Healthcare Statistics (OHCS) using Utah’s All Payer Claims Database (APCD).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of February 2019.</p>
DYCD after-school programs:  Beacon Programs
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site,  that offer "Beacon Programs" after-school programs.  Update Schedule: Annually
Pruebas Saber 3-5-9 Matematicas9
Base de datos pruebas saber 3-5-9 matemáticas 9
Acueductos Municipio De Chiscas
El listado contiene los diferentes acueductos con que cuentan los ciudadanos del área rural del municipio de Chiscas. Se está realizando por parte de la alcaldía Chiscas y las Juntas de acueductos su legalización, lo mismo que gestionando la respectiva concesión de aguas.
Public Health Statistics - Chlamydia cases among males aged 15-44 in Chicago, by year, 2000-2014
The annual number of newly reported, laboratory-confirmed cases of chlamydia (Chlamydia trachomatis) among males aged 15-44 years and annual chlamydia incidence rate (cases per 100,000 males aged 15-44 years) with corresponding 95% confidence intervals by Chicago community area, for years 2000 – 2014. See the full description by clicking on the maroon "About" button on the right-hand side of the screen, and click on the PDF under "Attachments".
Statewide CMT 3rd Grade Reading And Math: 2007-2013
This dataset contains the percentage of students achieving goal in reading and mathematics on the 3rd grade Connecticut Mastery Test (CMT) for the years 2007-2013. Data are disaggregated by various subgroups including race/ethnicity, special education, free and reduced price lunch eligibility, and English language learner (ELL) status.
General Parcel Locations with Land Use Codes
A subset of Riverside County Assessor Property Tax information that contains a field called 'Real Use Code'. The Real Use Code describes how the property is utilized - Residential, Commercial or Agricultural and provides additional attributes such as 'CA' = Apartment building, 'CR' = Residential use on Commercially zoned property, or 'R2' = Residential with 2 to 3 units. A guide call 'Real Use Codes' is published as a reference document for this dataset.
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2005
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2005
Geocoded Kansas City Addresses
A list of addresses in Kansas City as of 3/9/16 that have been geocoded by the city and provide latitude and longitude.
E-rate Open Competitive Bidding: Consortium Entity Information (FCC Form 470 and Related Information)
This dataset contains information about the consortium entities within each FCC Form 470, including the contact information, organization type/sub-type, and student count, as well as related information from the E-rate Productivity Center (EPC).
County Government WiFi Locations
A list of all Montgomery County WiFi Hot Spots.      Update Frequency:  Quarterly
Spending Information for FY 2017
This dataset allows you to view information about government spending. Disclosure of payments is based on the legislative requirements of CB-19-2011 which can be accessed via https://princegeorgescountymd.legistar.com/Legislation.aspx, which is an effort to provide enhanced transparency and convenient public access to this information. Certain expenditures are subject to review on a case-by-case basis to ensure that confidential or privileged material is maintained in accordance with legal requirements. As such, these expenditures may not appear on this website.    Unaudited data is updated quarterly for all payees with combined spending of $25,000 or more. When cumulative payee spending exceeds $25,000 threshold, all payments made during the Fiscal Year will be reported. Datasets, current and up to seven prior fiscal periods, will be available for your search by Fiscal Year. The following information will be displayed: Payee Name, County Agency Name, Payee Zip Code, Amount and Payment Description. Website options include: sorting, exporting data, creating graphs, and customizing your display format - among other features. There is an online tutorial.    If you have any questions or comments about this citizen portal site, please send an email at any time to: CountyClick311@co.pg.md.us, or call 3-1-1 (301-883-4748), Monday - Friday, 7am - 7pm, and a Customer Service Representative will be glad to assist you.
City University of New York (CUNY) University Enrollment Trends: Beginning Fall 1990
Trends in enrollment at City University of New York (CUNY) by enrollment category (transfers, freshmen, graduates, undergraduates, total).
Unclaimed Estate or Trust Funds Database
An executor, administrator, or trustee may, at any time, and must, after five years of receiving assets of an estate or trust, if the heir-at-law or beneficiary cannot be located for the purposes of distribution of the assets of the estate or trust, apply for an order authorizing the transfer of the assets to the Public Trustee. These assets received by the Public Trustee, pursuant to the direction of the court, are converted into cash and paid to the Minister of Finance and Treasury Board. Unclaimed Estate or Trust Funds paid to the Minister of Finance and Treasury Board are then held until the Minister of Finance and Treasury Board is ordered by a court and authorized by the Governor in Council to release the funds to the rightful heir or beneficiary. There are time limitations outlined in the Public Trustee Act for the release of funds. The Capital Markets Administration and Compliance Division of the Department of Finance and Treasury Board manages Unclaimed Estate or Trust Funds.
Empleados contratistas Empresas Publicas de Cundinamarca
Directorio de información contratistas EPC agosto 2019
Fort Collins OpenBook Funds
Full funds list from OpenBook, with the overall summation of payments for each fund over the time period. The time period is the "All Years" range in OpenBook, which is a rolling 24 months.
August 2017 Primary - Election Night eCanvass
eCanvass for August 1, 2017 election night results
Student Discipline Incidents By Category-All STLCO Districts 2014-2015
This dataset includes annual counts of student disciplinary incidents by categories as reported by all public school districts (including the Special School District) in St. Louis County to the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. ‘School Year’ represents the academic year ending in the year listed in the dataset. For example, School Year 2015 reflects incidents for the 2014-2015 academic year. Reported incidents only include those that required the removal of the student from the classroom for 10 consecutive days or more. Removals include in-school suspension, out-of-school suspension and expulsion. Of the incident categories, "Other" includes all incidents not covered by the preceding categories (Alcohol, Drug, Tobacco, Violent Act and Weapon). Note: "Weapon" incidents do not include instances with a knife blade less than 2" in length.
Watershed Protection Fee Reimbursement Status
Status of watershed protection fee reimbursement
Notifiable Diseases Counts and Rates By Zone 2014-2017
Counts and rates (per 100,000 population) of notifiable diseases reported in Nova Scotia by zone for 2014-2017.
Programa Actividad Adulto Mayor
Realizar acompañamientpo al adulto mayor en la actividad fisica, organización y logistica de los  eventos deportivos del municipio.
Underground Water Levels Green Pond Landslide, Weber County GP2
This data set contains Groundwater Monitoring Data acquired through the West Desert Groundwater Monitoring-Well Project (including Snake Valley) and other projects.
DYCD after-school programs: OSY Out Of School Youth Employment Programs
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site, that offer “Out-Of -School Youth Employment (OSY) Program” after-school  job and internship programs for young adults ages 16 to 21.
Cattle & Horse Brand and Inspectors Utah 2014
Cattle Brand Inspectors Utah 2014.
TAX 12 2012  Liquid Fuel Collections
*Effective 7-1-93 (per barrel). "Barrel" means 42 U.S. Gallons of Petroleum Products.				 ***Other fuel includes Ethanol, Methanol, Biodiesel, Naphtha, Compressed Natural Gas, and Liquefied Natural Gas.
Plan General de Auditoria Vigencia 2020 - Contraloria General del Departamento del Cesar
El presente conjunto de datos relaciona el plan de auditorias de la Contraloria General del Departamento del Cesar para la vigencia 2020
Medicare Referring DMEPOS HCPCS State Aggregate table CY2015
The 2015 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) State Aggregate table presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.  T The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2015 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Feed The Future Uganda Population-Based Survey, Household Member Data
The Uganda Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in 38 districts across eight regions of the country. The PBS was conducted from October 25 to December 30, 2012. The overall objective of the survey is to provide baseline data on living standards, nutritional status, and women's empowerment in agriculture in the Zone Of Influence.  This dataset is the household roster file with one record per household member captured in the questionnaire .
Vet Clinic License Locations
Places where you can buy your animal a pet license
MD COVID-19 - Total Probable Deaths by Date of Death
<b>Summary</b> The cumulative number of probable COVID-19 deaths among Maryland residents, by date of death.  <b>Description</b> The MD COVID-19 - Total Probable Deaths by Date of Death data layer is a collection of the statewide probable COVID-19 related deaths that have been reported each day by the Vital Statistics Administration by date of death. A death is classified as probable if the person's death certificate notes COVID-19 to be a probable, suspect or presumed cause or condition. Probable deaths are not yet been confirmed by a laboratory test. Some data on deaths may be unavailable due to the time lag between the death, typically reported by a hospital or other facility, and the submission of the complete death certificate. Confirmed deaths are available from the MD COVID-19 - Total Confirmed Deaths by Date of Death data layer.  <b>Terms of Use</b> The Spatial Data, and the information therein, (collectively the "Data") is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory. The user assumes the entire risk as to quality and performance of the Data. No guarantee of accuracy is granted, nor is any responsibility for reliance thereon assumed. In no event shall the State of Maryland be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages of any kind. The State of Maryland does not accept liability for any damages or misrepresentation caused by inaccuracies in the Data or as a result to changes to the Data, nor is there responsibility assumed to maintain the Data in any manner or form. The Data can be freely distributed as long as the metadata entry is not modified or deleted. Any data derived from the Data must acknowledge the State of Maryland in the metadata.
Kindergarten Immunizations
Kindergarten Immunizations for each school and academic year in Marin County, for four consecutive academic years through 2016-2017. Data includes Personal Belief Exemption statistics, specific immunizations and school performance indicators.    Note: As of 5/10/2017 this is a newer version of this dataset.  Its data structure has been improved to facilitate better analysis, and mapping.
Number and Volume of Sewage Spills to Water (2013-2017) Detailed
Detailed location data  (address and coordinates) sourced from reports from the California Integrated Water Quality System (CIWQS) sanitary sewer overflow (SSO) database and were generated using the Interactive SSO Reports tool from the State Water Resources Control Board (SWRCB) Sanitary Sewer Overflow Reduction Program. Data on Category 1, 2 and 3 SSOs in LA County for the years 2013 to 2017 was used.
Gov Stat PYDI HPM And Capacity Measures
Gov Stat PYDI HPM And Capacity Measures
News Coverage of Intimate Partner Homicides in New York City (2013-16)
This data set contains case level data of coverage of newspaper articles on intimate partner homicides in New York City between 2013-2016.
Percent of clients placed in unsubsidized employment: Service Connect
Percent of clients placed in unsubsidized employment in the Service Connect program.   Human Services Agency performance measure 7320P ID 570.
Alt Energy Station Data
Alt Energy Refueling Station Data
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) Hourly Data Halifax TEOM
Hourly ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5) data in micrograms per cubic metre from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2007.
Budget - 2016 Budget Ordinance - Appropriations
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1. This dataset details the budgeted expenditures in the Ordinance and identifies them by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds. For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Datos del Sistema de Transparencia Financiera de Puerto Rico
Tabla de datos utilizados para el Sistema de Transparencia Financiera de Puerto Rico, disponible en https://TransparenciaFinanciera.PR    Nota: La variable "Account" describe la partida a la cual pertenece el gasto, según el Reglamento Núm. 49 del Departamento de Hacienda, pero esta variable no define la naturaleza ni el tipo de puesto que ocupa el empleado.
Demografía del Departamento del Atlántico
Área y población del Departamento del Atlántico.
Listado de conjuntos de datos del portal datos.gov.co y sus usuarios publicadores
En este archivo es posible consultar cuál es el usuario publicador, la entidad y la última fecha de acceso del usuario para los conjuntos de datos reportados en el Portal Nacional de Datos Abiertos.
Daily Census Tract-Level Ozone Concentrations, 2011-2014
This dataset provides modeled predictions of ozone levels from the EPA's Downscaler model. Data are at the census tract level for 2011-2014. These data are used by the CDC's National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network to generate air quality measures. Census tract-level datasets contain estimates of the mean predicted concentration and associated standard error. Please refer to the metadata attachment for more information.    Learn more about outdoor air quality on the Tracking Network's website: https://ephtracking.cdc.gov/showAirLanding.action.    By using these data, you signify your agreement to comply with the following requirements:   1.	Use the data for statistical reporting and analysis only.   2.	Do not attempt to learn the identity of any person included in the data and do not combine these data with other data for the purpose of matching records to identify individuals.   3.	Do not disclose of or make use of the identity of any person or establishment discovered inadvertently and report the discovery to: trackingsupport@cdc.gov.   4.	Do not imply or state, either in written or oral form, that interpretations based on the data are those of the original data sources and CDC unless the data user and data source are formally collaborating.
Surplus Crown Property: Auction - Miller Lake (Heavy Equipment)
In addition to the Surplus Crown Property Disposal Act, this category, under the Public Highways Act, also covers the sale, lease or disposal of such other machines or implements as are used in connection with the construction or maintenance of the highways.
Distribución territorial de la población en Tuluá
Distribución territorial de la población en el Municipio Tuluá
Comités o Consejos Municipales, municipio El Carmen, Norte de Santander 2018
En este conjunto de Datos Abiertos encontrará los Comités o Consejos municipales que actualmente se encuentran vigentes en la Administración Municipal de El Carmen, Norte de Santander.
Universal Pre-K (UPK) Bronx School Locations
Directory of Universal Pre-K (UPK) Bronx School Locations
Tarifas de servicio residencial de alcantarillado EMPAS S.A
Esta tabla muestra las tarifas del servicio de alcantarillado residencial por municipio, estrato y sector por año
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Haiti, 2006 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Haiti as part of its 2006 round of surveys.  The 2006 survey was conducted by Borge y Asociados.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Nicaragua, 2008 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Nicaragua as part of its 2008 round surveys.   The 2008 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with field work done by Borge y Asociados.,
Voter Address Precinct Crosswalk
The PDC uses this data set for its online web applications to assist the public in finding information relative to a particular jurisdiction. It is provided here for the purpose of assisting application developers and may be of limited interest for the general public.    This dataset is a subset (copy) of voter registration records provided to the Public Disclosure Commission by the Washington Secretary of State (SOS) under the terms of SOS and applicable law. Use of this data is governed by any restrictions or limitations of the original release by SOS. By accessing this data you are agreeing to use the data in accordance with the RCW 29A.08.720, RCW 29A.08.740 and RCW 42.56.070(9) and any other applicable law.    The PDC has removed all information from the original data set except the address and precinct information for the purpose of assisting the public in determining how their address correlates to the PDC's internal accounting of jurisdictions. This data set is updated infrequently. Please see the date of last update in the metadata.     This data set can be used to correlate an address in Washington state with a precinct code. The precinct code can then be used to lookup a corresponding PDC jurisdiction and office in the data set containing the PDCs precinct to jurisdiction crosswalk. These data are provided as-is and may contain errors or omissions. Please refer to the SOS for the most recent data.
2011 Odd-Year Election Turnout Percentage By County
Turnout percentage in each county for the statewide ballot issues in 2011 election
Monthly Recipients  Assistance Units FY98
AVERAGE MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN						  STATE FISCAL YEAR 98    *  Counts are estimated due to AU/recipient address correction.							  Figures may not add due to rounding.
NYCHA Customer Contact Centers
The  customer contact center locations, phone numbers and schedules
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation, housing starts, under construction and completions / Société canadienne d'hypothèques et de logement, mises en chantier, en construction et achèvements
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation, housing starts, under construction and completions / Société canadienne d'hypothèques et de logement, mises en chantier, en construction et achèvements
Conteo de Indiciados
Total de Indiciados según entradas de noticias criminales al Sistema Penal Oral Acusatorio en la Ley 906 de 2004 y Ley 1098 de 2006.
WiredNYC – Certified Buildings
This dataset contains information for buildings that have completed the certification process. These buildings are all publicly viewable on the WiredNYC website (www.wiredscore.com)
Air Quality Index Data 2010-2015
AQI data for Fulton county and 10 benchmark counties from 2010 to 2015
Monthly Pageview Statistics
Web analytics for www.mesaaz.gov
Underground Water Levels Sherwood Hills Landslide, Provo SH-1
This data set contains Groundwater Monitoring Data acquired through the West Desert Groundwater Monitoring-Well Project (including Snake Valley) and other projects
Crime Reporting Statistics
The Uniform Crime Reporting Program collects statistics on the number of offenses known to City of Mesa Police Department. Address and Location data are not exact location of incidents and have been rounded to nearest hundred block. Lat/Long are approximations only based on rounded hundred block.     Part 1 offenses are reported monthly and are chosen by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) because they are serious crimes, they occur with regularity in all areas of the country, and they are likely to be reported to police. Part I offenses are defined as: Criminal homicide, Forcible Rape, Robbery, Aggravated Assault, Burglary (breaking or entering), Larceny-theft (except motor vehicle theft), Motor vehicle theft and Arson.
Unemployment Rate
This data set tracks unemployment by race.
Assault and Homicide
Basic Metadata Note: Assault deaths are also known as Homicides.  *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Tax Roll 2019 - 2020
This dataset reflects the taxes owed by assessed properties in the City of Buffalo after exemptions are applied. The dataset is a snapshot in time based on the property's inventory as of taxable status date of 12/01/2017 and the finalized assessments as of the final assessment roll filed on 03/01/2019 and only includes City tax rates.  Though all property is assessed, not all of it is taxable. Some properties, such as those owned by religious organizations or governments are completely exempt from paying property taxes. Others are partially exempt, such as veterans who qualify for an exemption on part of their homes, and homeowners who are eligible for the School Tax Relief (STAR) program.
Healthcare Worker Influenza Vaccination Data for Hospitals, 2016-2017
Data showing the vaccination rates of healthcare workers in Oregon Hospitals for the 2016 - 2017 flu season
LRAPAOB
Comment - Incorporate LRAPA rules for open burning into State Implementation Plan
Provider of Services File - OTHER - June 2019
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).   The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
Registration of Charities, Paid Solicitors, Professional Fundraising Consultants, and for-profit Public Benefit Corporations in Colorado
Charitable Solicitations Registration Information Filed by Charities, Paid Solicitors, and Professional Fundraising Consultants.  Data collected by the Colorado Department of State's Charities Program.
Alameda County Nov 6, 2012 General Election results
Election results for Nov. 6 2012 General Election for Presidential race, proposition 30 and proposition 31
Datos Abiertos Salud
Datos salud en el Municipio de Planadas.
Informe  De Vacunas  2017
En el presente informe se presenta la meta programática por cada vacuna (población objeto a vacunar) y la población vacunada en 2017
Restaurant Inspection Violations
This is a public use data file on Delaware restaurant inspections for the past two years.  It includes a list of restaurants with violations reported during the inspection of the establishment.  There may be more than one record for a specific restaurant for a specific inspection date.  Multiple records for the same restaurant and inspection date indicates multiple violations.
Report Card Graduation 2017-18
This file includes Report Card Graduation data for the 2018-19 school year. This data is disaggregated by the school, district, and state levels and includes counts and graduation rates of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information and notes for downloading this data.
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Income Household Income After Tax by Income Groups
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports household income after tax by income group. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Budget - 2021 Budget Recommendations - Appropriations
The dataset details 2021 Budget Recommendations, which is the line-item budget document proposed by the Mayor to the City Council for approval. Budgeted expenditures are identified by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally-generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds.  This dataset follows the format of the equivalent datasets from past years except that Appropriation Authority and Appropriation Account have changed from Number to Text in order to accommodate non-numeric values.   For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS018
Driver Feedback Sign DFS018  Latitude: 53.574053 Longitude: -113.544594  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
FUT Gastos de Inversión Cuarto Trimestre de 2018
Reporte FUT Gastos de Inversion Cuarto Trimestre de 2018, Alcaldía Municipal de Armero Guayabal-Tolima
Ethanol Exports
This dataset includes monthly historical volumes of U.S ethanol exports to destination countries by U.S port districts and calendar year.
New York State Executive Budget Capital Appropriations, as Amended: 2019-2020
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the FY 2020 Executive Budget, as amended
Port of Los Angeles - Historical TEU Statistics
Port of Los Angeles - Historical TEU Statistics: A "TEU" is a "twenty-foot equivalent unit," which is a standard measurement of shipping cargo based on a twenty-foot long shipping container.
Functional Areas maintained by Recreation and Parks Department
Functional areas maintained by the Recreation and Parks Department. A functional area is a physical area within a facility designated for a specific purpose.This includes a mix of recreation areas and non-recreation facilities like roadways, basketball courts, playgrounds, picnic areas, etc.
Number of homeless individuals
Data on number of homeless individuals, sheltered and unsheltered. Data is from the 2013 San Mateo County Homelessness Census and Survey (final report, May 2013), table on page 4
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of November 2017.</p>
Patient Demographic Environment
This dataset shows the patient demographic environment beginning in 2016
Vital Signs: Poverty - Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Poverty (EQ5)  FULL MEASURE NAME The share of the population living in households that earn less than 200 percent of the federal poverty limit  LAST UPDATED December 2018  DESCRIPTION Poverty refers to the share of the population living in households that earn less than 200 percent of the federal poverty limit, which varies based on the number of individuals in a given household. It reflects the number of individuals who are economically struggling due to low household income levels.  DATA SOURCE U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census  http://www.nhgis.org (1980-1990) http://factfinder2.census.gov (2000)  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey  Form C17002 (2006-2017) http://api.census.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) The U.S. Census Bureau defines a national poverty level (or household income) that varies by household size, number of children in a household, and age of householder. The national poverty level does not vary geographically even though cost of living is different across the United States. For the Bay Area, where cost of living is high and incomes are correspondingly high, an appropriate poverty level is 200% of poverty or twice the national poverty level, consistent with what was used for past equity work at MTC and ABAG. For comparison, however, both the national and 200% poverty levels are presented.   For Vital Signs, the poverty rate is defined as the number of people (including children) living below twice the poverty level divided by the number of people for whom poverty status is determined. Poverty rates do not include unrelated individuals below 15 years old or people who live in the following: institutionalized group quarters, college dormitories, military barracks, and situations without conventional housing. The household income definitions for poverty change each year to reflect inflation. The official poverty definition uses money income before taxes and does not include capital gains or noncash benefits (such as public housing, Medicaid, and food stamps). For the national poverty level definitions by year, see: https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/data/threshld/index.html For an explanation on how the Census Bureau measures poverty, see: https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/about/overview/measure.html  For the American Community Survey datasets, 1-year data was used for region, county, and metro areas whereas 5-year rolling average data was used for city and census tract.  To be consistent across metropolitan areas, the poverty definition for non-Bay Area metros is twice the national poverty level. Data were not adjusted for varying income and cost of living levels across the metropolitan areas.
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Household Vehicles by City
Household Vehicles by City. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP04.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS066
Driver Feedback Sign DFS066  Latitude: 53.51795 Longitude: -113.48478  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
2005 - 2011 Graduation Outcomes - Citywide - ELL
Latest available data and trends in graduation and dropout outcomes disaggregated by English Language Learner status.
Personas vinculadas con la entidad
Listado de contratistas vinculados con la entidad
Religious Buildings
This dataset represents the location of religious buildings within the City of Baltimore. Personnel in the Mayor's Office track the coming and goings of religious organizations. The listing is currently limited to Christian and Jewish faiths.
TOTAL DE MIGRANTES AFILIADOS  ACTIVOS EN REGIMEN CONTRIBUTIVO EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DE NORTE DE SANTANDER CON TIPO DE DOCUMENTO PERMISO ESPECIAL DE PERMANENCIA PEP,  VIGENCIA 2019 Y  DESDE ENERO AL ULTIMO CORTE DEL MES DE AGOSTO DE 2020
Cantidad de afiliados migrantes activos  en el régimen contributivo  en cada uno de los municipios que conforman el departamento Norte de Santander, con tipo de documento permiso especial de permanencia PEP, vigencia 2019 y desde enero al ultimo corte del mes de Agosto de 2020.
Assumed Name Business Licenses
All businesses that apply for an assumed name business license will be listed in this dataset. It will be updated on a quarterly basis and has data going back to 1990.
Producción Grupos Investigación 2019
Producción revisada y evaluada con la cual participó el grupo de investigación de acuerdo con la ventana de observación para la convocatoria
PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD GENERAL ATENDIDA EN CONSULTA EXTERNA EN LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA AÑO 2016
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS MUESTRA EL PORCENTAJE DE LAS PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD GENERAL ATENDIDA EN CONSULTA EXTERNA EN LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA DURANTE EL AÑO 2016
Ejecución Presupuestal de Gastos Corte 30 de Junio de 2016
Brindamos información de los compromisos y Gastos realizados por la Alcaldía Municipal de Inzá Cauca durante el primer semestre de 2016
Public Health Department Events
List of public events sponsored or supported by the Chicago Department of Public Health.
DISTRIBUCIÓN DEL PARQUE AUTOMOTOR INSCRITO 2DO SEMESTRE 2017
Distribución del parque automotor inscrito del 2do semestre 2017 en el Municipio de Copacabana
Transferencias realizadas sector salud Lotería Santander
Contiene los valores transferidos de acuerdo a los conceptos definidos por ley.
ARRA Grant Revenue as of COB May 31, 2017
Data that shows every dollar received by the State of Missouri to date under the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2009 including the receiving state agency and the federal funding source or program.
Traffic Flow Map Volumes
Average annual weekday traffic volumes used to produce the SDOT Traffic Flow Map
CONTENIDOS PUBLICADOS EN LA PAGINA WEB MUNICIPAL
Consulta en detalle el esquema de publicaciones denuestra pagina web www.lajaguadelpilar-laguajira.gov.co
Average Monthly Residential Water Consumption by City Block Area 2016
This dataset provides the average (annual, winter, summer) residential metered water consumption (2016) within 400 m x 400m hexagons (approximately two city blocks) provided in m3/month for the City of Edmonton.  Average monthly residential winter water consumption is the average consumption of the following months: January, February, March, April, October, November and December. Average monthly residential summer water consumption is the average consumption of the following months: May, June, July, August and September.    Only those hexagons that contain at least ten accounts are illustrated to ensure customer privacy.    Residential consumption refers to water used primarily for domestic purposes, where no more than four separate dwelling units are metered by a single water meter.    Thematic mapping is based on the following ranges:    0-10 m3/month – orange  10-20 m3/month – green  20-30 m3/month – purple  30-35 m3/month – blue  35-60 m3/month – red  60 m3/month and up – maroon
Test Dataset - Workforce1
Test dataset
NYC Health + Hospitals/Options - fees - 2011
NYC Health + Hospitals Options is a discount payment scale that determines fees for NYC Health + Hospitals services for New Yorkers who do not qualify or cannot afford any of the free or low cost health insurance plans available. The reduced fees are based on family size and income. This table shows a sample of the reduced fees available to eligible individuals in 2011.Update Frequency: As needed
New Business List - July
Businesses registered with the Secretary of State Corporation Division during the month of July.
Inquiries Received in Fiscal Year 2018
The dataset contains the number of inquiries made to the Commission by members of the public about incidents of discrimination and alleged violations of the City Human Rights Law for the previously completed fiscal year.
Inspección de Establecimientos en el Quindio
Inspección de establecimientos por parte de la secretaria de salud los cuales buscan que cumplan con lo requerimientos establecidos de salubridad para su correcto funcionamiento basados en el decreto 780 de 2016 y en la resolución 2674 de 2013
Real Estate Conveyance Tax By Town
Connecticut real estate conveyance tax data by fiscal year and municipality
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a ABRIL de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 30 de Abril de 2015 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Indicators of Educational Need by District: 2012-13
This dataset contains counts and percentages of special education students, English Language Learners (ELL), and students eligible for free or reduced price meals by district for the 2012-13 school year. Small cell sizes have been suppressed, and are denoted by an asterisk.
Rate of Neonatal Hospital Stays with Withdrawal Symptoms from Maternal Use of Drugs of Addiction CY 2016-Current County Health Care Cost Containment Council (PHC4)
This indicator includes the rate of neonatal hospital stays in which there is a diagnosis of withdrawal symptoms from maternal use of drugs of addiction in the first 28 days of life, relative to the total number of birth hospitalizations. Analyses were completed by the University of Pittsburgh using data from the PA Health Care Cost Containment Council and in cooperation with PA DOH.  PHC4’s database contains statewide hospital discharge data submitted to PHC4 by Pennsylvania hospitals. Every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information obtained from the Uniform Claims and Billing Form (UB-82/92/04) data elements. Computer collection edits and validation edits provide opportunity to correct specific errors that may have occurred prior to, during or after submission of data. The ultimate responsibility for data accuracy lies with individual providers.
Santa Cruz County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Santa Cruz County.
Utah Population Estimates Deaths By County In Utah 1941-2011
Utah Population Estimates Deaths By County In Utah 1941-2011
Control de Comparendos Código Nacional de Policía 2017 - 2018
Comparendos Realizados en el Municipio de Oporapa, debido al incumplimiento de las normas establecidas en el Código Nacional de Policía durante el año 2017 y 2018
Beaver And Iron County Public Health Services Directory
Beaver And Iron County Public Health Services Directory
FY2014 F65 County
F-65 Data Summary Counties 2014
Expense Budget Funding - All Source
This dataset contains expense agency data by unit of appropriation for the Adopted, Financial Plan and Modified conditions by funding source.  The numbers within can be summarized to be consistent with data from either the Supporting Schedule, Departmental Estimate or the Expense, Revenue, Contact Budget.
Stream Impact Sampling and Ammonia Screening
The Environmental Compliance and Laboratory Services Division of the Bureau of Water and Wastewater is responsible for monitoring the quality of the streams and Harbor in the City of Baltimore. The purpose of this program is to evaluate the quality of our surface waters for any long-term trends and determine any capital investment programs or operational programs to implement.  The results may be affected by a variety of factors: precipitation, land use changes, and human behavior.  For more information: http://cleanwaterbaltimore.org/
Summit County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014 FINAL
The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org).  The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
Fatalities and Serious Injuries MDOT and Local Roads
Annual fatalities and serious injuries reported by MDOT (trunkline) and local roads
Nuisance Complaint Summary By Fiscal Year
Summary by fiscal year of complaints for "Nuisnce Complaints" as recorded in City of Dubuque WebQA customer relationship management system
Taxable Sales By NAICS Subsector 1998-2014 City County State NEW Geocode
This data set contains calendar year taxable sales by NAICS for cities and counties in Utah for 1998-2014.
Seat Machine Inventory
This dataset will display data regarding Seat machine inventory by department; contains type of each machine,  CPU speed,  age,  etc.  Update Frequency - Daily
ESTADÍSTICAS DE LAS PERSONAS DESMOVILIZADAS QUE HAN INGRESADO AL PROCESO DE REINTEGRACIÓN
Estadísticas de las personas desmovilizadas que han ingresado al proceso de reintegración" se ubica en el criterio de evaluación estratégico, es de interés de la Entidad colocar a disposición de la ciudadanía ya que presenta estadísticas de Información nacional y regional que permita analizar y dar a conocer las condiciones socio-económicas y las actividades desarrolladas de las personas desmovilizadas que han ingresado al proceso reintegración detallando información como: datos de desmovilización, ubicación, año de ingreso al proceso, beneficios de inserción económica, beneficios de formación académica y formación para el trabajo, ocupación económica, censo familiar, acciones de servicio social, entre otras.
City Governance Information
This dataset outlines details of city governance compiled from 242 city charters.
Registro Automotor Neiva Huila
Registro Automotor Neiva Huila
FY2018 F65 County
F-65 Data Summary Counties 2018
Coach Bus Passengers per Month at Port Authority of NY NJ Airports: Beginning 2002
The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey quarterly produces a data file and provides information on monthly in-bound, out-bound, and connecting Coach Bus passengers between John F. Kennedy International Airport, LaGuardia Airport, and Newark Liberty International Airport; and between aforementioned airports and NYC bus stations beginning in 2002. The dataset represents aggregate numbers of single destination (e.g. A -> B) Coach Bus ticket sale by the Coach Bus companies.
Police Incidents
This dataset is out of date because PD recently upgraded computer systems and do not yet have this dataset completed. We hope to have it completed as soon as possible.  Please check back soon.   Incidents based on initial police reports taken by officers when responding to calls for service. Data is modified for public use. Address and Location are not exact locations of incidents and have been rounded to nearest hundred block. Lat/Long are approximations only based on rounded hundred block. Incidents reported in this dataset may not correlate with 911 Events datasets and calls for Police service.   The City of Mesa does not disclose information that is inflammatory in nature that impacts our citizens. Crimes reported in this data set have not been adjudicated in a court of law for final determination.   Although sensitive crimes are included, the approximate address are NOT included. Therefore aggregate totals of crimes are accurate, without providing sensitive information. Addresses are not included for: sexual abuse, sexual assault, suicide, incest, molestation of a child or homicide.   Similar information is also provided through the Communitycrimemap.com website, a 3rd party service that visually reviews crime data for Mesa and outlining areas.   Some of the data fields provided are used to report to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. For a listing of data fields and description please see their UCR Program Data Collections page. Alternatively, please see the Bureau of Justice Statistics NIBRS website for a listing of data fields.
Summit County Census Projections 2010-2060
This data set contains population estimated projections from GOMB.
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada - MinAgricultura
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada de acuerdo a lo estipulado en la Ley 1712 de 2014. Concepto del Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada. Ministerio de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural
Salaries: State Agencies: Fiscal Year 2011 (Update)
NOTE: This data set was updated on 5/15/15 by request of the data owner. Each annual salary listed in this report is 12 times that particular employee's monthly adjusted salary rate as of June 30, 2011 (between July 1, 2010 and June 30, 2011). "Annual Salary" includes most differential payments (such as work-out-of-classification and bilingual differential), but excludes payments for overtime, shift differential, benefits, and vacation payout. The report does not account for unpaid furlough leave that management employees began taking in fiscal year 2010-2011; neither does it reflect step decreases and unpaid furlough leave that some classified employees began taking after June 2009. This report does not include annual salaries for employees of the Oregon University System, semi-independent agencies, temporary employees, or records protected by court order. For more State of Oregon Workforce/salary information please visit the Oregon Transparency Website: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/.
Calgary.ca Web Analytics Top Downloads Past 30 Days
The top 100 files downloaded from City of Calgary web pages over the past 30 days.
E-rate Open Competitive Bidding: Services Requested (FCC Form 470 and Related Information)
This dataset contains information about the services requested within each FCC Form 470, including the service type, function, and manufacturer, and related information from the E-rate Productivity Center (EPC).
Poverty Level For Individuals
Poverty Level For Individuals
Simbolos de Polonuevo
Los simbolos que idetifican a nuestro municipio  constan de una bandera, un escudo y el Himno del municipio, ademas contamos con productos autoctonos como el boyo de yuca.
City Sponsored Events Simple
Trumba events
Urban Fed. Hwy. Boundary - 2000
Historic urban federal highway boundary (2000) polygon, determined by population density and used for highway planning to meet expected growth and serve as design standard. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbtrans_urban_fed_hwy_boundary_2000.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
City of Albany Five Year Capital Plan: Beginning 2013
This data summarizes the capital budget requests for 2013 and the five-year capital plan.  Although the five-year capital plan is a plan only and is subject to changes as needed over the years, the capital budget is a one-year proposal reviewed as part of the financial authorization for 2013.The 2013 capital program totals $17,833,000 of which $190,000 is funded through the operating budget, $12,418,000 is expected to be borrowed and $5,225,000 will come from other funds such as the Consolidated Highway Improvement Program (CHIPs) and federal and state grants.  Included in this budget are monies for street and sidewalk reconstruction projects, building improvement projects and various equipment and vehicle replacement items.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH1606 & CH1607 B032 MONTGOMERY GI BILL SELECTED RESERVE; RESERVE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM OCT2018
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to encourage membership in units of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve and to provide educational assistance to members of the reserve components called or ordered to active service in response to a war or national emergency declared by the President or Congress. Generally, to qualify for benefits under MGIB-SR you must (1) Have a six-year obligation to serve in the Selected Reserve signed after June 30, 1985. If you are an officer, you must have agreed to serve six years in addition to your original obligation. For some types of training, it is necessary to have a six-year commitment that begins after September 30, 1990; (2) Complete your initial active duty for training (IADT); (3) Meet the requirement to receive a high school diploma or equivalency certificate before completing IADT. You may not use 12 hours toward a college degree to meet this requirement; and (4) Remain in good standing while serving in an active Selected Reserve unit. Generally, to qualify for benefits under REAP you must have served at least 90 consecutive days on active duty as a result of a call or order to active duty from a reserve component in response to a war or national emergency declared by the President or Congress. This is not a complete list of eligibility requirements. For more information on MGIB-SR and REAP visit <a href="http://www.gibill.va.gov">http://www.gibill.va.gov</a>.</p>
Población atendida - Afectada por la violencia
Este conjunto de datos representa la población atendida en instituciones educativas que han sido afectadas por la violencia en los años 2011 a 2019**    **: Dato parcial Fuente:Coordinación de educación.
Criminal Justice - Jail Average Daily Population and Pretrial Caseload
Average Daily Population (ADP) in Pierce County Corrections. Data sourced from LINX system. Pretrial data included from the Clerk of the Superior Court.
Red Light Cameras
List of red light cameras in Prince George's County.
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Health Insurance by Age
Health Insurance by Age, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B27001.
Radio Television Appliance Licenses
Names and registration number of Business repairing radio, television and small appliances, updated monthly.
2016 Dialysis Bloodstream Infections (BSI) Table (Updated Baseline)
Oregon freestanding outpatient dialysis facilities report BSIs as part of Oregon’s mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
President's Malaria Initiative (PMI) Malaria Operating Plan (MOPS) Planning Figures_2018
The President's Malaria Initiative (PMI) Malaria Operating Plan (MOPS) planning data file contains budget code information for projects listing the successful provider along with the associated budget and activity description. The data contain information on acquisition/procurement plans for implementing partners during FY2018. Quantities for PMI commodities are reported; these include RDT (Rapid Diagnostic Tests), ACT (Artemisinin-based Combination Therapies) doses, and LLIN (Long-lasting Insecticidal Nets). It also includes planned spending to strengthen pharmaceutical regulation, improve entomological monitoring and develop integrated training curriculum. Procurement quantities with unit costs are reported for various partners. These data elements have been made available since 2006.
Atenciones 2017
Atenciones recibidas en el año 2017 en la Diferentes sedes
Docentes catedráticos por horas 2019-2
Horas contratadas a docentes catedráticos por los programas
311 Service Requests - Street Lights - One Out - Historical
As described in http://bit.ly/311HistoricalPost, the function of this dataset was replaced by https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/v6vf-nfxy. This dataset is historical-only.  This dataset contains all open 311 reports of one or two lights out on metal poles on a residential or arterial street and all completed requests since January 1, 2011. Whenever CDOT receives a report of a street light outage, the electrician assigned to make the repair looks at all the lights in a group (circuit) to make sure that they are working properly.  If two requests regarding the same group are made within 30 calendar days of each other, the newest CSR is automatically given the status of “Duplicate (Open).”   Since the electrician will be looking at all the lights in a group to verify that they are all working the “Duplicate (Open)” address will also be observed and repaired.  Once the street lights are repaired, the CSR status will read “Completed” for the original request and “Duplicate (Closed)” for any duplicate requests. Data is updated daily.
SHIP Annual Season Influenza Vaccinations 2011-2017
Annual Season Influenza Vaccinations - This indicator shows the percentage of adults who are vaccinated annually against seasonal influenza. For many people, the seasonal flu is a mild illness, but for some it can lead to pneumonia, hospitalization, or death. Vaccination of persons in high-risk populations is especially important to reduce their risk of severe illness or death.
Structural Measures Hospitals In Utah
A list of hospitals and the availability of structural measures at that hospital. A structural measure reflects the environment in which hospitals care for patients. For example, whether or not a hospital participates in a Cardiac Surgery Registry.
EDA - Private investment leveraged - 3 year totals (in millions)
The formula-driven calculation projects investment data at 3, 6, and 9 year intervals from the investment award. The formula is based on a study done by Rutgers University, which compiled and analyzed the performance of EDA construction investments after 9 years. This approach was reviewed and validated by third-party analysis conducted by Grant Thornton in 2008. Based on this formula and a review of EDA's historical results, EDA estimates that 40% of the 9-year projection would be realized after 3 years, 75% after 6 years, and 100% after 9 years.
Iowa Campaign Expenditures
This dataset contains information on expenditures made by state-wide, legislative or local candidate committees, state PACs, county central committees, state parties, and state and local ballot issue committees in Iowa. Data is available beginning in 2003 for all reports filed electronically, and some paper filed reports.  Data is provided through reports submitted by candidate committees, state political committees, federal/out-of-state political committees, county central committees, ballot issue committees and organizations making contributions or independent expenditures.  Quality of the data provided in the dataset is dependent upon the accuracy of the data reported electronically.
ESD Contracts 2016 - Composite Dataset - V1
This is a composite listing of contract data from all ESD's per SB250 for Fiscal Year 2016. For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/ESDTransparency.aspx
Libraries Hosted Programs FY2009 - FY2011
Hawaii State Public Library Programs hosted FY2009 - FY2011 with attendance
Senior Centers
This feature class represents the location of senior centers in Baltimore City. The list used to create this data was provided by CARE on the March 5, 2010.
Business Source Center Program Performance Objectives (Q1:  07/19 - 09/19)
The Business Source Center (BSC) Program, funded through the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), provides entrepreneurial training, technical assistance and access to capital for micro-enterprise and start-up businesses. The program promotes job creation for Angelenos by providing entrepreneurs and small business the support they need to start and/or expand their business. Goals are established through United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) guidelines and local measures.
2014-2015 Class Size Report Borough Level Distribution
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Lidar Index / Inventaire de donées Lidar
A grid of cells 1 km by 1 km covering the areas of New Brunswick where lidar data has been collected. Each grid cell includes a link to download lidar data. / Une grille de cellules de 1 km2 couvrant les zones du Nouveau-Brunswick où des données Lidar ont été recueillies. Chaque cellule de la grille contient un lien permettant de télécharger des données Lidar.
Provisional COVID-19 Deaths Counts by Age in Years
Deaths involving coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) reported to NCHS by sex and age in years.
Evanston Police Department Complaints
Complaints against Department Members
TASA POR USO DE AGUA AÑO 2016
CORPORACION AUTÓNOMA DE BOYACÁ CORPOBOYACÁ  REPORTE RESOLUCION 866 DE 2004  PERIODO: 01 enero 2016 a 24 mayo 2016
JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL DE CUCUTILLA PERIODO 2016 -2020
La junta de acción comunal es una de las formas de asociación y organización de las comunidades en la que se integran las personas que tienen una característica común que las identifica: vivir en un mismo entorno físico.
Youth Unemployment Rate Counties Utah 2005-2012 Transposed
Youth Unemployment Rate Counties Utah 2005-2012-2
**UNDER CONSTRUCTION** TEST Crash Report Data
***THIS IS A TEST DATASET FOR DEVELOPMENT ONLY***  ***THIS DATASET IS UNDER ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANYTIME. IT MAY CONTAIN INCOMPLETE OR INACCURATE INFORMATION***  This data comes from the TxDOT C.R.I.S. Public Extract Specification.  We're in the process of automation the open data feed and adding more potential columns.
DOP Adult Supervision Passthrough by Calendar Year
The sum of: the number of cases on the first day of the reporting period, plus all cases added during the reporting period.
Recreation & Parks Program Totals: Winter 2019
Data encompasses the number of participants enrolled in Howard County Recreation & Parks programs (I.e. Sports, Fitness, Nature & Environment, Camps etc...), by season.
EAS Equipment Authorization Grantee Registrations
EAS (Equipment Authorization System). Radio Frequency (RF) devices are required to be properly authorized under 47 CFR Part 2 prior to being marketed or imported into the United States. The Office of Engineering and Technology (OET) administers the equipment authorization program under the authority delegated to it by the Commission. This program is one of the principal ways the Commission ensures that RF devices used in the United States operate effectively without causing harmful interference and otherwise comply with the Commission’s rules. All RF devices subject to equipment authorization must comply with the Commission’s technical requirements prior to importation or marketing.  For more information about EAS, visit: https://www.fcc.gov/general/equipment-authorization-procedures
Cobertura EMPOCALDAS S.A. E.S.P.
Cobertura acueducto y alcantarillado por municipios en los cuales presta el servicio Empocaldas S.A.  E.S.P.
Listado de Instituciones Educativas Privadas-Tunja
En este formato se almacenan los datos de las instituciones educativas privadas de la ciudad de Tunja.
Road Traffic Counts in Colorado 2015
Traffic counts on public roads under local jurisdiction in 2015. Provided by the CDOT.
2012 Election Polling Places
Location of all 2012 Election Polling Places, including the Early Voting Centers.
Percent of High School Students (grades 9-12) Who Smoke Cigarettes , New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Percentage of high school student survey respondents who have used cigarettes on one or more days in the 30 days preceding the survey.    Definition: Percentage of high school (9th-12th grade) students who have used cigarettes on one or more days in the 30 days preceding the survey    Data Source:    1) Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System, National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion    2) Youth Tobacco Survey, Office of Tobacco Control, New Jersey Department of Health  *This survey is conducted every 2 or 3 years
City of Edmonton - Neighbourhoods (Centroid Point)
List of centroids for current neighbourhood boundaries found within the boundaries of the City of Edmonton. Note - this map includes both residential and industrial neighbourhoods. Also, due to the configuration of a neighbourhood, the centroid may not necessarily lie properly within a neighbourhood boundary.
VEREDAS QUE COMPONEN AL MUNICIPIO DE CUITIVA
Estas son las diferentes veredas que componen del Municipio de Cuitiva en el Departamento de Boyacá
Transparency – Utah Local Government Expense 2011
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
Total Income Parking Meter Data- June 2017 Report
All Parking income for the City Of Evanston
State IT Expenditures - FY17
The Office of the CIO (OCIO) oversees the state's expenditures on technology. This detailed data set provides insight into statewide IT spend.
VEEDURÍAS EL ESPINAL
Red de veedurías ciudadanas del municipio de el espinal "REVESPINAL"
Resultados de Gestión de MIPG - FURAG II 2017
Información correspondiente a lo reportado por las entidades del orden Nacional y Territorial, en relación con las políticas de desarrollo administrativo del MIPG y que estructuran el formulario FURAG II.  Nos interesa conocer su opinión sobre nuestros conjuntos de datos. Lo invitamos a diligenciar esta breve encuesta de satisfacción de datos abiertos: https://www.funcionpublica.gov.co/encuesta-institucional2
Pennsylvania Congressional District Boundaries
State Congressional District boundaries within Pennsylvania attributed with names of legislators and party affiliations. Purpose: Public information and support for transportation planning, design and development. (2020-01)  The user shall indemnify, save harmless, and, if requested, defend the COMMONWEALTH, their officers, agents, and employees from and against any suits, claims, or actions for injury, death, or property damage arising out of the use of or any defect in the FILES or any accompanying documentation.  The COMMONWEALTH excludes any and all implied warranties, including warranties or merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The COMMONWEALTH makes no warranty or representation, either express or implied, with respect to the FILES or accompanying documentation, including its quality, performance, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. The FILES and documentation are provided "as is" and the USER assumes the entire risk as to its quality and performance.  The COMMONWEALTH will not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the FILES or any accompanying documentation.  The USER is granted permission to translate and add value to the FILES for the use of the FILES on its computer hardware; provided, however, that the USER annually notify the UNIVERSITY / COMMONWEALTH of any customizing or value-adding work done.  Any customized or value added versions of the files will contain the following disclaimer:  THIS IS NOT A PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION APPROVED FILE. THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION RETAINS THE MASTER FILES.  THE USER AGREES AND UNDERSTANDS THAT IT MAY NOT FURTHER DISTRIBUTE THE FILES TO A THIRD PARTY.
A Picture 2018 - Table 1
Number and proportion (%) of estimated district population, by age group in the ACT, June 2016.  Source: ABS 2016, Population by Age and Sex, Regions of Australia, ‘Population Estimates by Age and Sex, Regions of Australian Capital Territory (AGS 2016)’, ‘Table 6. Estimated Resident Population by Age, Australian Capital Territory, Persons — 30 June 2016’, time series spreadsheet, cat. no. 3235.0, viewed 1 June 2016.
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Air Quality Monitoring Stations
Nova Scotia provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations, including locations and other attributes.
City Health - Unemployment
Unemployment: Population aged ≥16 years that is unemployed but seeking work (%)
Registro de Activos de Información – Banco de la República
El Registro de Activos de Información del Banco de la República contiene las categorías de información de todos los registros publicados y los registros disponibles para ser solicitados.
State Summary of Outpatient Hospital Charge Data by APC and primary HCPCS, CY2015
CPT copyright 2014 American Medical Association. All Rights Reserved.  The Outpatient Hospital Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Outpatient Hospital PUF) presents information on comprehensive APC (C-APC) services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient Hospital PUF presents information on the number of beneficiaries, number of APC services, hospitals' average total estimated submitted charges, the average Medicare allowed charges (which includes Medicare regular provider payments and beneficiary cost-sharing payments), the average Medicare regular provider payments, the number of APC services with outlier payments, and the average Medicare outlier provider payments among those services for 25 C-APC Groups and their primary HCPCS paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for calendar year (CY) 2015 by state. The estimated average charges and the average Medicare payments are provided at the individual hospital level. The actual charges at an individual hospital for an individual service within these APC groups may differ.
Vermont Crash Data 2012
Road Accidents in Vermont in the year 2012
Commercial Zoning Review Days Out
this data set shows the  commercial zoning plan review number of days out
Health_5900P_% of Suspected Food_EHS2 v2
Percent of Suspected Food-Borne Illness Complaints Responded to Within One Business Day
NNDSS - TABLE 1MM. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus to Guanarito virus
NNDSS - TABLE 1MM. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus to Guanarito virus - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).   § Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers'. NNDSS was updated beginning in 2015 to receive data for each of the viral hemorrhagic fevers listed.
Impaired Driving Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 8 - Denver
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for people killed in crashes involving a driver with BAC =>0.08%, 2012, 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File. Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Choose Maryland:  Compare States - Education
K-12 and higher education - expenditures, institutions, and attainment.
Población diferencial de Sabaneta
Mapa de la caracterización de la población diferencial en el municipio de Sabaneta.  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Chronic Absenteeism by District: 2012-13
Chronic absenteeism is defined as missing 10 percent or more of the days enrolled in a school year for any reason. Commonly reported aggregate attendance measures such as average daily attendance in many instances do not adequately highlight the extent of student absenteeism. This dataset contains aggregate chronic absenteeism rates at the overall district level and by selected student subgroups. Percentages are presented where the cell statistic is representative of 20 students or more; where the cell statistic is representative of fewer than 20 total students the cell is suppressed and an asterisk is displayed. National research1 as well as Connecticut education data2 highlight the association of chronic absenteeism to student academic achievement and high school graduation. Chronic absenteeism is also a key metric in the Department of Education’s school turnaround initiatives (i.e., Alliance Districts and Commissioner’s Network schools).    1 Balfanz, R., & Byrnes, V. (2012). Chronic Absenteeism: Summarizing What We Know From Nationally Available Data. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Center for Social Organizations of Schools.    2 http://www.sde.ct.gov/sde/lib/sde/pdf/deps/chronicabsenteeism/learningfromthedata.statepresentation.pdf
TCP-Colectivo de empresas  Rutas Oriental de Transportes
Histórico  Enero 2014-Mayo 2019 , Capacidad transportadora ,pasajeros, distancia promedio, frecuencia promedio  transporte colectivo Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Open Checkbook Data FY15
The City of Somerville uses this dataset to provide residents with information regarding local government spending.
DOF: Cooperative Comparable Rental Income – Manhattan– FY 2008/2009
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
2015 Dialysis BSI TABLE MAP
Combined bloodstream infections at dialysis centers
Active Credit Access Business Licenses
Dataset of Active Credit Access Business Licenses
Lesiones fatales de causa externa, casos y tasas 2018
Lesiones fatales de causa externa, casos y tasas 2018
Standardized Public Debt Database
The availability of valid, comparable, and standardized public debt data is essential for the implementation of sound policies in Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC). This is why at the core of the LAC Debt Group initiative is the development of a standardized sovereign debt database to help debt managers, policy makers, and other actors of financial markets analyze the evolution and composition of public debt in LAC and conduct cross-country comparisons. The information of the database is provided by the public debt offices of LAC countries in response to a questionnaire specifically designed to allow comparability of data. The questionnaire, whose response is non-compulsory, is intended to compile up-to-date standardized statistics for objective and homogeneous definitions of public debt. This update corresponds to the period: II Semester 2006 – II Semester 2016.<br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/idb/dataset/3bvi-edbq</b></br></br>
Indicadores de Economía y Productividad de Sabaneta
Conozca indicadores de economía y productividad, en temáticas de agricultura, industria, comercio, mercado laboral, Tecnología e innovación y turismo en el municipio de Sabaneta.  Conozca estadísticas, indicadores y mapas sobre Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
ITU ICT Development Index (IDI)
The ICT Development Index (IDI), which has been published annually since 2009, is a composite index that combines 11 indicators into one benchmark measure. It is used to monitor and compare developments in information and communication technology (ICT) between countries and over time.     This dataset only contains the data for the years 2010 and 2015 as the ITU-D makes those available here: http://www.itu.int/net4/ITU-D/idi/2015/index.html    The 2015 report (PDF) is attached to this dataset and is also available direct from the ITU: http://www.itu.int/en/ITU-D/Statistics/Pages/publications/mis2015.aspx    The full methodology behind the report is here: http://www.itu.int/en/ITU-D/Statistics/Pages/publications/mis2015/methodology.aspx
Programa Buen Comienzo año 2016 (por modalidad) Municipio de Medellín
Este instrumento permite conocer la distribución de la atención del programa Buen Comienzo por modalidad. Se consolida de acuerdo con los reportes generados del Sistema de Información Buen Comienzo corte noviembre 30 de 2016.   El reporte es acumulado, es decir que incluye a los participantes activos mas los retirados al momento del corte.
Beneficiarios Programa Colombia Mayor Primer Semestre 2019
Listado de los Beneficiarios del Programa Colombia Mayor durante el  Primer Semestre de 2019 en el Municipio
Tax Roll 2020 - 2021
This dataset reflects the taxes owed by assessed properties in the City of Buffalo after exemptions are applied. The dataset is a snapshot in time based on the property's inventory as of taxable status date of 12/01/2019 and the finalized assessments as of the final assessment roll filed on 03/01/2020 and only includes City tax rates.  Though all property is assessed, not all of it is taxable. Some properties, such as those owned by religious organizations or governments are completely exempt from paying property taxes. Others are partially exempt, such as veterans who qualify for an exemption on part of their homes, and homeowners who are eligible for the School Tax Relief (STAR) program.
PKS Cost Recovery
Cost recovery rates.
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2004 Q2
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2004 Q2
Planta De Funcionarios De La Alcaldía De Tubará
Base de datos de los funcionarios de la alcaldía municipal de Tubará
2018 - 2019 Class Size Pct Boro MSHS
2018-19 Preliminary Class Size Report Borough Middle and High School Class Size Distribution Core courses identified as English, Math, Social Studies, and Science classes for grades 6-12, where available General Education and Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) classes and course sections with more than 100 students or fewer than seven students are excluded from this report, as are self-contained courses with fewer than two students
311 Service Requests - Abandoned Vehicles
All open abandoned vehicle complaints made to 311 and all requests completed since January 1, 2011. A vehicle can be classified as abandoned if it meets one or more of the following criteria:All open abandoned vehicle complaints made to 311 and all requests completed since January 1, 2011.    A vehicle can be classified as abandoned if it meets one or more of the following criteria: 1) On a public way in a state of disrepair as to be incapable of being driven in its present condition. 2) Has not been moved or used for more than seven consecutive days and is apparently deserted. 3) Has been left on the public way without state registration or a temporary state registration placard for two or more days. 4) Is a hazardous dilapidated vehicle left in full view of the general public, whether on public or private property.    For some Open service requests, the vehicle has been towed but further action is required before the request may be closed. 311 sometimes receives duplicate abandoned vehicle complaints.     If a vehicle is towed it remains as open, work in progress until it is redeemed, transferred or disposed of. The service request is not closed until there is a final disposition for the vehicle.    Requests that have been labeled as Duplicates are in the same geographic area and have been entered into 311 Customer Service Requests (CSR) system at around the same time as a previous request. Duplicate reports/requests are labeled as such in the Status field, as either "Open - Dup" or "Completed - Dup." Data is updated daily.
Candidate Surplus Funds Latest Report
This data set shows the last C4 submitted for a surplus account. C4s are submitted for a specific time period and contain a start date and end date.  This dataset shows the last C4 reporting period filed by the candidate and therefore shows the latest balance for the surplus account.    This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.    Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.    CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication and or referenced documents constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
GLACCTS
by program evaluation of budget viability and funding.
Disorders of the Teeth and Jaw
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
USA SPENDING LGY B118 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS FEB2019
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located</p>
Open Budget Application: Operating Budget
data powering openbudget.seattle.gov
Building Energy Use by Sector (2006, 2010, 2014 and 2016)
Data for county-wide and city-wide consumption. County-wide consumption combined residential median usage (Btu) and residential median usage per square foot (Btu) data for 2016 and compared it to equivalent values for 2006, 2010, 2014, and 2015. City-level consumption data combines 2016 Energy Atlas data and California energy Commission Energy Consumption data.
DIPUTADOS DEL CAQUETÁ
Nombre de los diputados del Caquetá
Open Budget Application: String Configurations
data powering openbudget.seattle.gov
Alcaldes Departamento del Quindio periodo 2016 al 2019
Listado actualizado de los Alcaldes del departamento del Quindio a marzo del 2019
State University of New York (SUNY) Campus Locations with Websites, Enrollment and Select Program Offerings
Campuses which comprise the State University of New York (SUNY) System. Highlights information on Undergraduate and Graduate enrollment as well as some program area offerings.
Las grandes capitales siguen bajando, pero mantienen una alta concentración de casos de los homicidios
Contiene la estadística de Las grandes capitales siguen bajando, pero mantienen una alta concentración de casos de los homicidios
Categoría docentes catedráticos 2019-1
Categoría a la que pertenecen los docentes catedráticos
ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN
BASE DE DATOS PARA LA GESTIÓN DE RIESGOS DE SEGURIDAD DE LA INFORMACIÓN Y PARA DETERMINAR LOS NIVELES DE PROTECCIÓN REQUERIDOS.
Program Evaluation of USAID/Uganda SUSTAIN Activity: Lower Level Facility Staff Data
USAID/Uganda’s Strengthening Uganda’s Systems for Treating AIDS Nationally (SUSTAIN) activity supports Uganda’s Ministry of Health (MOH) to strengthen quality and comprehensive HIV/AIDS care, prevention, laboratory and tuberculosis (TB) services at selected regional referral and district health care facilities in Uganda, as well as build the capacity of the public health system to sustain these services. SUSTAIN is a six­-year USAID­-funded activity launched in 2010 and implemented by University Research Co., LLC (URC). SUSTAIN is one of many PEPFAR-­funded activities to address the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Uganda. The main objective of the SUSTAIN program evaluation was to examine the activity’s methodology for achieving its  objectives in order to inform future USAID design work. USAID noted that URC had performed well on SUSTAIN, as evidenced by its activity reports, but wanted an evaluation of the approach used by SUSTAIN to inform future program designs. SUSTAIN implementation adapted to contextual changes in the Government of Uganda's (GoU) HIV/AIDS strategy responding to a spike in new infections and people living with HIV, and major shifts in PEPFAR policy.
ARRA Grant Revenues as of COB May 31, 2012
Data that shows every dollar received by the State of Missouri to date under the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2009 including the receiving state agency and the federal funding source or program.
Real Estate Sales 730 Days
These data represents City of Hartford real estate sales for the past 2 years from the current date. Updated nightly
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Costa Rica, 2006 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Costa Rica as part of its 2006 round of surveys.  The 2006 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University, and the field work was carried out by Central American Population Center (CCP) of the University of Costa Rica.
Contratación Mes de Febrero de 2020 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de febrero de 2020, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
City Expenditures by Month
This dataset provides details for Fiscal Year expenditures by month since Fiscal Year 2012.
2014 NFIRS Cincinnati Fire Department Incident Data
Data Description: The National Fire Incident Reporting System (NFIRS) is a reporting standard that fire departments nationwide use to uniformly report on the full range of fire department activities. This dataset encompasses all fire incidents reported to NFIRS that were responded to by the Cincinnati Fire Department in the year 2014.  Data Creation: NFIRS was created in 1976 to address the United State’s fire problem and is jointly managed by the U.S Fire Administration (USFA) and the National Fire Information Council (NFIC). Over the life of the system, all 50 states, more than 40 major metropolitan areas, and more than 15,000 fire departments have participated in NFIRS. Fore more information please visit: https://www.usfa.fema.gov/data/nfirs/about/index.html  Data Created By: The source of this data is the Cincinnati Fire Department.  Refresh Frequency: This dataset is static and posted annually.  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of February 2019.</p>
Vehicle for Hire - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among several from the November 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5bXxA20u7SX96Y3PUC1tGM?t=1  Open from November 13 - 20, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 9,793 Insight Community Members. 2,180 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 22%. A total of 2,193 respondents completed the survey: 2,180 Insight Community Members and 6 from the call to action button on our webpage and 7 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
POBLACIÓN ACTIVA EN LOS PROGRAMAS CLUB DE VIDA ADULTO MAYO
NUMERO DE PERSONAS ADULTOS MAYORES MATRICULADOS A LOS CLUBES DE VIDA
Vehicle for Hire Inspection Results - by Month and Type
This dataset is an aggregated summary of Inspections conducted by Year, Month and Vehicle for Hire Type:  - Year and month  - Vehicle for Hire Type.  Can be one of the following: Limo, Party bus, Taxi, Transportation Network Vehicle (TNV) and Other.  - Number of Inspections conducted in the Month  - Number of Outcomes as a result of the Inspection.  An Outcome could be one or more of the following: Warning, Ticket Issued or Other Enforcement Action Taken  - Inspections that passed for the Month.  - Warnings Given  - Tickets Issued  - Other Enforcement Actions Taken    Note: One Inspection can result in a number of Tickets/Warnings or Other Enforcement Actions as well as a number of Bylaw Names and Bylaw sections that were violated.
Contract ACT Report
ACT Government Contract Report Updated 2 February 2018
Superficie Cosechada en Hectáreas  con Cultivos Transitorios  en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del Año 2000 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre la Superficie Cosechada en Hectáreas  con Cultivos Transitorios  en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del Año 2000 al 2018
Energy Efficiency Peak Demand Reduction
Peak demand is the highest point of energy use on any given day and typically occurs between the hours of 4 and 6 p.m. Austin Energy’s energy efficiency and demand reduction programs are designed to lower energy usage and reduce the amount of load on the electric system. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/advantage and http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
Alameda County Restaurants Inspections
Alameda County Restaurants Inspections  April 30, 2012 to Current
Electric Vehicle Population Size History By County
This shows the number of vehicles that were registered by Department of Licensing (DOL) each month. The data is separated by county for passenger vehicles and trucks.   DOL integrates National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) data and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) fuel efficiency ratings with DOL titling and registration data to create this information.
Countywide Workforce Statistics Data
This section of the Ramsey County Workforce Statistics Report summarizes data of Ramsey County full and part-time employees: by Race & Ethnicity, EEO-4 categories, and Gender, including new hires, promotions and separations. The data does not include intermittent employees, student workers, student interns or temporary staff.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a MAYO de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Mayo de 2015 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Strategic Measure_Adopted Operations and Maintenance (O&M) Tax Rate as a Percentage of the Effective O&M Tax Rate
This dataset contains information about the annual Adopted Operations and Maintenance (O&M) Tax Rate as a Percentage of the Effective O&M Tax Rate for the same fiscal year (SD23 measure GTW.A.3).    The effective O&M tax rate is the tax rate that would produce the same amount of taxes as the previous year if applied to the same properties taxed in the previous year that are still on the tax roll. A percentage higher than 100% indicates the adopted O&M tax rate is higher than the effective O&M tax rate, whereas a percentage lower than 100% indicates the adopted O&M tax rate is lower than the effective O&M tax rate. This data is used for budget planning and review purposes.   View more details and insights related to this dataset on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/iis6-xsd9
DIRECTORIO DE ENTIDADES O INSTITUCIONES PÚBLICAS DE CALAMAR GUAVIARE
En este directorio se relacionan nombres completos, cargos y datos de contacto de cada funcionario o representante de Entidades o Instituciones, que hacen presencia en el municipio de Calamar, Guaviare.
Estadísticas Restitución Discriminadas  Dispacidad
Muestra el número de solicitudes de restitución según discapacidad presentada por los titulares de la solicitud
Central Bond Court Orders
Orders by type at Central Bond Court, Leighton Criminal Courthouse, 1st Municipal District, Circuit Court of Cook County
Fuel Savings by Type from RGGI-Funded Projects
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  The Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) is a multi-state cap-and-trade mechanism where polluters of greenhouse gas emissions must either reduce emissions or purchase emissions allowances. New York State allocates funds received from selling allowances to the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) to manage programs aimed at reducing fossil fuel consumption. The Fuel Savings by Type from RGGI-funded projects dataset includes the total estimated non-electric energy savings by fuel type from installed and anticipated RGGI-funded projects.
Care 4 Kids Total Families Served FY 2012
Care 4 Kids unduplicated total families served in State Fiscal Year 2012. Care 4 Kids helps low to moderate income families in Connecticut pay for child care costs. This program is sponsored by the State of Connecticut’s Department of Social Services
Distribución de la población afiliada al régimen contributivo  activos al 31-12-2018
Población contributiva afiliada municipio de Pasto
Duchesne County Census Projections 2010-2060
This data set contains population projections from GOMB.
New York State Enacted Budget Capital Appropriations: 2020-21
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the FY 2021 Enacted Budget
PUNTOS VIVE DIGITAL DEPARTAMENTO VALLE DEL CAUCA
EN ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS ENCONTRARA LA INFORMACION COMPLETA SOBRE LOS PUNTOS VIVE DIGITAL EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DEL VALLE DEL CAUCA
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2007
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2007
Base Social IES 2019 - FODESEP
Base de datos de Instituciones de Educación Superior afiliadas.
JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE USIACURI (GOBERNACIÓN DEL ATLANTICO)
Listado de las Juntas de Acción Comunal Municipio de Usiacurí, Departamento del Atlántico.
Mayor's Lobbyist Registry
For the 2017-2021 term, the Mayor’s Office has voluntarily implemented a lobbyist registry.   The purpose of the registry is to contribute to increasing Edmontonians’ confidence in the integrity of the local government decision-making process, and to promote government transparency and accountability.
PREDIOS SINCELEJO 2017
Listado de predios registrados en Sincelejo a junio de 2017.  Este conjunto de datos se convierte en uno de los insumos fundamentales para la toma de decisiones y la planiﬁcación de la ciudad haciendo un seguimiento permanente a la dinámica inmobiliaria y al crecimiento del municipio de Sincelejo.
Melanoma Cancer Death Rate (per 100,000), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of deaths due melanoma cancer per 100,000 Population.      Definition:  Number of deaths per 100,000 with malignant melanoma of the skin as the underlying cause of death (ICD-10 code: C43).    Data Sources:      (1)  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. Compressed Mortality File. CDC WONDER On-line Database accessed at http://wonder.cdc.gov/cmf-icd10.html    (2) Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    (3) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
Community Drop-in Program - Summer 2018
Free summer recreation programs (Green Shack, playground program, spray parks, skate parks, youth programs, Flying Eagle program) including location, program dates and times.
Internet Service Providers (ISPs) Offering Commercial Broadband in New York City - Dec 2016
List of Internet Service Providers (ISPs) offering commercial broadband service in New York City as of Dec. 2016, according to data made publicly available by the Federal Communications Commission.
Healthy Neighborhoods in San Mateo County
Healthy Neighborhoods data for Get Healthy San Mateo County's Healthy Cities SMC: http://www.gethealthysmc.org/healthy-cities-smc
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of February 2019.</p>
Salud - Tasa de fecundidad en mujeres de 10 a 14 años en el Departamento de Bolívar  de 2010 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar la Tasa de fecundidad en mujeres de 10 a 14 años, de 2010 a 2018 en el Departamento de Bolívar, Por Municipios. Fuente Numerador: Estadísticas Vitales - Nacimientos – DANE “Número de nacidos vivos de mujeres de 10 a 14 años”. Fuente Denominador: Proyección de Poblaciones – DANE “Población de mujeres de 10 a 14 años” .  Forma de Calculo: Numerador/denominador*1.000.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of August 2018.</p>
Healthy Schools in San Mateo County
Healthy Schools data for Get Healthy San Mateo County's Healthy Cities SMC: http://www.gethealthysmc.org/healthy-cities-smc
INSTITUTOS DESCENTRALIZADOS VALLE DEL CAUCA GEOREFERENCIADOS
INSTITUTOS DESCENTRALIZADOS VALLE DEL CAUCA GEOREFERENCIADOS
Budget Revenues
Data Provided as-is from City Financial system Includes Budget Years 2010 to Present.  Actuals prior to the current year may not be complete until the budget is finalized.
Mapa Sitios de Interés en Sabaneta
Descubra la información de los diferentes sitios de interés del Municipio de Sabaneta. Fuente: Secretaría de Planeación y Desarrollo Territorial. www.otsabaneta.org
Gross Withdrawals And Production Of Natural Gas By State T4.3 2011
Gross Withdrawals And Production Of Natural Gas By State T4.3 2011
Grocery Store Status
A list of grocery stores in Chicago and last known status (open or closed). This dataset will be updated approximately weekly, or as needed.
Austintexas.gov  - Top 10 Searches
This represents the top 10 searches that visitors have conducted on www.austintexas.gov. The Number of Queries is calculated by Unique Pageviews per month. The data represents the most recent one month period.
Instituciones De Salud Privadas Del Municipio De Galapa
Este Conjunto de Datos contiene informacion sobre las Instituciones De Salud Privadas Del Municipio De Galapa - Departamento del Atlántico
County Where Nominees Intend to Settle
The Nova Scotia Office of Immigration (NSOI) issues nomination certificates to prospective immigrants who meet a labour market need and who will make a contribution to Nova Scotia’s economy. Nominees then apply to Citizenship and Immigration Canada for a permanent resident visa.     In most cases,  nominees inform the Office of Immigration of their intended county of residence at the time of application. Many applicants may already be living in that location as a temporary resident when they apply to become a permanent resident. This dataset provides the number of nomination certificates issued annually broken down into intended county of settlement.     The maximum number of nomination certificates that NSOI may issue annually through the Nova Scotia Nominee Program is determined by the federal government.
Business Events
This dataset provides information about business events and training.
Poverty- San Mateo County- American Community Survey
Poverty threshold available at https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/data/threshld/index.html  Additional information about how the Census Bureau measures poverty is available at https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/about/overview/measure.html  ---------------------------------  How Poverty is Calculated in the ACS  Poverty statistics presented in ACS reports and tables adhere to the standards specified by the Office of Management and Budget in Statistical Policy Directive 14. The Census Bureau uses a set of dollar value thresholds that vary by family size and composition to determine who is in poverty. Further, poverty thresholds for people living alone or with nonrelatives (unrelated individuals) and two-person families vary by age (under 65 years or 65 years and older).  If a family’s total income is less than the dollar value of the appropriate threshold, then that family and every individual in it are considered to be in poverty. Similarly, if an unrelated individual’s total income is less than the appropriate threshold, then that individual is considered to be in poverty. The poverty thresholds do not vary geographically. They are updated annually to allow for changes in the cost of living (inflation factor) using the Consumer Price Index (CPI).  Poverty status was determined for all people except institutionalized people, people in military group quarters, people in college dormitories, and unrelated individuals under 15 years old. These groups were excluded from the numerator and denominator when calculating poverty rates.  Since the ACS is a continuous survey, people respond throughout the year. Because the income items specify a period covering the last 12 months, the appropriate poverty thresholds are determined by multiplying the base-year poverty thresholds (1982) by the monthly inflation factor based on the 12 monthly CPIs and the base-year CPI. (Source: https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/poverty-cal-in-acs.pdf)  -------
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in Washington DC, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of November 2017.</p>
Relación Concejales Municipio De Galapa
Este conjunto de datos contiene la informacion de los Concejales del Municipio de Galapa - Departamento del Atlántico con su respectivo Partido Político.
Causas de consultas Externa  por el Hospital Local los Patios enero 2019
Mayores causas de consulta Externa en el Hospital Local Patios enero 2019
131 - FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 3.1
Office of Central Services Performance Metrics Objective 3.1- Percentage of vehicles that are available, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
BB FY15 APPR Budget Summary
BB FY15 Approved Budget Summary
Listado De Concejales Del Municipio De Miraflores
La siguiente es una tabla de información oficial de cada uno de los concejales electos del municipio de Miraflores Boyacá, para la vigencia 2016 – 2019, datos suministrados por el concejo Municipal.
Estado de la prestación del servicio de energía en Zonas No Interconectadas
Indica el estado de la prestación del servicio de energía en ZNI, para las localidades que hoy cuentan con este sistema de seguimiento.
Purchase Order Quantity Price detail for Commodity/Goods procurements
Purchase Order commodity line level detail for City of Austin Commodities/Goods purchases dating back to October 1st, 2009.  Each line includes the NIGP Commodity Code/COA Inventory Code, commodity description, quantity, unit of measure, unit price, total amount, referenced Master Agreement if applicable, the contract name, purchase order, award date, and vendor information.  The data contained in this data set is for informational purposes only.  Certain Austin Energy transactions have been excluded as competitive matters under Texas Government Code Section 552.133 and City Council Resolution 20051201-002.
USA SPENDING C&P B104 PENSION FOR NON-SERVICE CONNECTED FOR VETERANS MAY2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to assist wartime veterans in need whose non-service- connected disabilities are permanent and total preventing them from following a substantially gainful occupation. A Veteran who meets the wartime service requirements is potential eligible if he/she is: • permanently and totally disabled for reasons not necessarily due to service, • age 65 or older, or • is presumed to be totally and permanently disabled for pension purposes because: o he/she is a patient in a nursing home for long-term care due to a disability, or o being disabled, as determined by the Commissioner of Social Security (SS) for purposes of any benefits administered by the Commissioner, such as SS disability benefits or Supplemental Security Income. Income restrictions are prescribed in 38 U.S.C. 1521. Pension is not payable to those whose estates are so large that it is reasonable they use the estate for maintenance. A Veteran meets wartime service requirements if he/she served: • a total of 90 days or more during one or more periods of war; • 90 or more consecutive days that began or ended during a period of war; or • for any length of time during a period of war if he/she was discharged or released for a service-connected disability. Veterans entering service after September 7, 1980, must also meet the minimum active duty requirement of 24 months of continuous service or the full period to which the Veteran was called to active duty. (38 U.S.C.5303(A)).</p>
Davis County_Layton Public Health Indicators Census FINAL
This data set contains census tract and city public health indicators for chronic diseases like obesity, diabetes, smoking, cancer, kidney disease, etc. These small area estimates will allow cities and local health departments to better understand the burden and geographic distribution of health-related variables in their jurisdictions, and assist them in planning public health interventions.
Registro de Activos de Información Función Pública
El Registro de Activos de Información es el inventario de la información pública que el sujeto obligado genere, obtenga, adquiera, transforme o controle en su calidad de tal.  Nos interesa conocer su opinión sobre nuestros conjuntos de datos. Lo invitamos a diligenciar esta breve encuesta de satisfacción de datos abiertos: https://www.funcionpublica.gov.co/encuesta-institucional2
Certified Annual Financial Report (CAFR) Data 2017
This is the City Financial Data for fiscal year 2017. Note that this data has been expanded for FY2017 to include more detailed breakdown of city finances.
Acueductos Municipio de Quípama
Información de los acueductos del Municipio de Quípama
Surplus Crown Property: Disposal - Non-Profit/Non-Government
This category covers items of surplus, not including Real Property, that do not have a current or foreseeable use within government. However, as a result of a written request to the Minister from a non-profit organization and subsequent approval consistent with the Surplus Crown Property Disposal Act and its Regulations, and an internal departmental recommendation, the surplus item is matched to an approved request. The dollar value of these items, based on their condition, is negligible; however the value to a non-profit agency is deemed adequate compensation in lieu of disposal of items through auction or public tender.
Code Enforcement All Violations
Code Enforcement All Violations.
Administrator And Teacher Salary And Benefits Charter School 2007
Administrator And Teacher Salary And Benefits Charter School 2007
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Semiannual Log for FY 2014
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Semiannual Log For FY 2014 (record requests received July 1, 2013, through December 31, 2013)  Click on "More Views" to display a department or county.
Salt Lake City - Building Permits
Salt Lake City - Building Permits
Buffalo Public Schools 2017-2018
This dataset comprises the public schools in the Buffalo Public Schools system for the academic year 2017-2018. It includes schools that provide Pre-Kindergarten, Kindergarten, Elementary, Middle, and High School classes.
Home Health Agencies
Department of Health Home Health Agencies listing
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a DICIEMBRE de 2012
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Diciembre de 2012 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH35 B117 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE NOV2018
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM BENEFITS to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA’s determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Individual Provider Network Data: 2019 Quarter 3
The Individual Provider Network Data displays information on individuals participating in health plan networks from July through September 2019. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by the Department of Health, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans.  For more information, please visit https://pndslookup.health.ny.gov.
Managed Care Features By Enrollment Population
Number of Managed Care Programs Enrolling Certain Populations on a Mandatory or Voluntary Basis at any point in 2016
Vital Signs: Housing Permits - by city
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Housing Permits (LU3)  FULL MEASURE NAME Permitted housing units  LAST UPDATED October 2019  DESCRIPTION Housing growth is measured in terms of the number of units that local jurisdictions permit throughout a given year. A permitted unit is a unit that a city or county has authorized for construction.  DATA SOURCE Construction Industry Research Board Table 3: Residential Units and Valuation (1967-2010) No link available  California Housing Foundation/Construction Industry Research Board California Construction Trends (2011-2013) http://www.mychf.org/cirb/  Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) – Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) Housing Permits Database (2014-2017) http://opendata.mtc.ca.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Bay Area housing permits data prior to 2014 comes from the California Housing Foundation/Construction Industry Research Board. Data from 2014 to 2017 comes from the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) – Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) Housing Permits Database.  Single-family housing units include detached, semi-detached, row house and town house units. Row houses and town houses are included as single-family units when each unit is separated from the adjacent unit by an unbroken ground-to-roof party or fire wall. Condominiums are included as single-family units when they are of zero-lot-line or zero-property-line construction; when units are separated by an air space; or, when units are separated by an unbroken ground-to-roof party or fire wall. Multi-family housing includes duplexes, three-to-four-unit structures and apartment-type structures with five units or more. Multi-family also includes condominium units in structures of more than one living unit that do not meet the single-family housing definition. In the permits data from 2014 to 2017, single-family units include all units not strictly classified as multi-family. This may include secondary units.  Each multi-family unit is counted separately even though they may be in the same building. Total units is the sum of single-family and multi-family units. County data is available from 1967 whereas city data is available from 1990. City data is only available for incorporated cities and towns. All permits in unincorporated cities and towns are included under their respective county’s unincorporated total. Permit data is not available for years when the city or town was not incorporated.  Affordable housing is the total number of permitted units affordable to low and very low income households. Housing affordable to very low income households are households making below 50% of the area median income. Housing affordable to low income households are households making between 50% and 80% of the area median income. Housing affordable to moderate income households are households making below 80% and 120% of the area median income. Housing affordable to above moderate income households are households making above 120% of the area median income.  Permit data is missing for the following cities and years: Clayton, 1990-2007 Lafayette, 1990-2007 Moraga, 1990-2007 Orinda, 1990-2007 San Ramon, 1990  Building permit data for metropolitan areas for each year is the sum of non-seasonally adjusted monthly estimates from the Building Permit Survey. The Bay Area values are the sum of the San Francisco-Oakland-Hayward MSA and the San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara MSA. The counties included in these areas are: San Francisco, Marin, Contra Costa, Alameda, San Mateo, Santa Clara, and San Benito.  Permit values reflect the number of units permitted in each respective year.
Estadísticas comparendos municipio de La Estrella primer semestre 2018
Número de comparendos realizados durante el primer semestre de 2018, por cada una de las diferentes infracciones de tránsito en el municipio de La Estrella.
Fleet - Mechanic Utilization by Shop
This dataset shows a comparison direct vs indirect hours per shop.  Direct hours are hours spend working on repair and maintenance  and inspection tasks within Fleet that are billable.
[ARCHIVED] NHS Labour Duration of Work
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports employment by duration of work and sex. This data is sourced from the 2011 National Household Survey.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds.
North Fair Oaks Community Plan Implementation
This dataset is a highlevel milestone list of projects that are to be completed with Measure A funds for the North Fair Oaks Community.
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo de mango, en el departamento de Cesar.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicacióndela metodología de Evaluación de Tierras a escala 1:100.000, para la formulación del Plan de Ordenamiento Productivo y Social de la Propiedad Rural, así como la realización del Análisis Hidrológico para generar soluciones de Irrigación para zonas y sectores productivos estratégicos en el departamento del Cesar. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de mango. Categorias: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de mango.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of January 2018</p>
Community Legal Aid Services  - Bay Area Legal - Veteran and Immigrant Workshops
Community Legal Aid Services  - Bay Area Legal - Veteran and Immigrant Workshops. HSAI1 Measure K Performance.
Network PUF 2016
The Network PUF (Ntwrk-PUF) is one of the seven files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The Ntwrk-PUF contains issuer-level data identifying provider network URLs. These data either originate from the Network ID template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
Proyectos educativos mejoramiento adecuación de infraestructura y dotación de mobiliario vigencia 2016-2018 Municipio de Pasto
Proyectos educativos  mejoramiento adecuación de infraestructura y dotación de mobiliario vigencia 2016-2018 municipio de Pasto
COVID-19 Job Losses - July 2020
This table displays estimates net of job losses from February 2020 to July 2020 across major industries in the City of Los Angeles. To generate these estimates, the Controller’s Office adapted a methodology used by the Kinder Institute for Urban Research to estimate job losses. It is important to note that, because they are estimates, the figures herein may not be comparable to actual job losses/pay cuts in each neighborhood and should be interpreted as relative job loss levels. View the accompanying data story on jobs losses in Los Angeles: https://lacontroller.org/data-stories-and-maps/job-losses/
Mayores Causas de consulta por Urgencias HLP enero 2019 Los Patios
Mayores Causas de consulta por Urgencias con descripción de enfermedades en el Hospital Local Patios enero 2019
Mental Health (Trueblood) Clients Assessed-Referred
Number of Trueblood identified clients assessed or referred from traditional criminal justice system outcomes to enhanced treatment/resourced community options.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of January 2018</p>
AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Rockfish Catch
Rockfish catch and effort data collected by observers in the United States commercial groundfish fisheries of Alaska (Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands and Gulf of Alaska, 1993-2017. Subset of the Alaska observer groundfish data, aggregating by 400km square cells and eliminating cells with less than three vessels to create a public version of the Alaska groundfish observer data.  Purpose: Allows visitors use of the aggregated observer data to create maps. These maps are designed to provide a better understanding of where groundfish are caught in the Aleutian Islands, Bering Sea and Gulf of Alaska.  Supplemental_Information: http://www.afsc.noaa.gov/FMA/fma_database.htm  Number 1 of a set of 5 files: 1. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Rockfish Catch 2. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Flatfish Catch 3. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Most fishes (excluding flatfishes and rockfishes) Catch 4. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Invertebrates Catch 5. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Effort Statistics
INFORMACIÓN PROGRAMAS DE EXT COBERTURA RURAL CASA DE CULTURA ALCALDÍA DE CHIA 2019
COBERTURA RURAL
LISTA DE CONCEJALES TOGUI BOYACA
Lista de Concejales Elegidos por elección Popular en el Municipio de Togüí Boyacá
Rate of Hospitalizations for Opioid Overdose per 100,000 Residents County Health Care Cost Containment Council (PHC4)
County rates of hospitalizations for opioid overdose per 100,000 residents ages 15 and older.    This analysis is restricted to Pennsylvania residents age 15 and older who were hospitalized in Pennsylvania general acute care hospitals.
Beaver County Employment Projections 2012-2022
This data set contains employment projections, educational levels, average wages for projected jobs in Beaver, Garfield, Iron and Kane counties.
Agency Contracts Fiscal Year 2018
This list of agency contracts is published in compliance with RCW 39.26.210.
Empresas de servicio público de taxis del municipio de Guadalajara de Buga / Companies of public service of taxis of the municipality of Guadalajara de Buga
Información correspondiente a las empresas constituidas legalmente y que ofrecen el servicio de taxi en el municipio de Guadalajara de Buga / Information corresponding to the legally constituted companies that offer the taxi service in the municipality of Guadalajara de Buga.
Programa de ejercicio para Adulto mayor y niños
Programa dedicado a la salud de los Adultos mayores y a los niños a travez de aerobicos y ejercicio al  aire libre.
Traffic Bollards Tracking and Installations
New York City Department of Transportation installs flexible traffic bollards to reduce traffic speeds. It is used as separators between  lanes, and for pedestrian safety. This dataset tracks flexible traffic bollards, installation and replacements.
HR Subrogation
This data describes funds expected and received to the City of Plano through subrogation claims. The data is provided by the City of Plano Department of Human Resources.
DOP Juvenile Supervision Passthrough by Fiscal Year
The sum of: the number of cases on the first day of the reporting period, and all cases added during the reporting period
Budget - 2020 Budget Recommendations - Appropriations
The dataset details 2020 Budget Recommendations, which is the line-item budget document proposed by the Mayor to the City Council for approval. Budgeted expenditures are identified by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally-generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds.  This dataset follows the format of the equivalent datasets from past years except that Appropriation Authority and Appropriation Account have changed from Number to Text in order to accommodate non-numeric values.   For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of August 2018.</p>
Business Expansion Program Awards
Cash-based incentive (forgivable loan) awards made in Fiscal Years 2016-2020 to existing companies expanding operations in Oregon or new companies coming into the state that is based on the estimated increase in income tax revenue from new hires. For more information visit https://www.oregon4biz.com/Oregon-Business/Tax-Incentives/BEP/
Building and Safety Certificate of Occupancy
The Department of Building and Safety is required by the Los Angeles Municipal Code to issue a Certificate of Occupancy for every building or structure in the City of Los Angeles.  A Certificate of Occupancy is a document issued by the Department of Building and Safety certifying a building's compliance with applicable building codes and other laws, and indicating it to be in a condition suitable for occupancy.
Demandas de Protección al Consumidor admitidas y terminadas por la Delegatura para Asuntos Jurisdiccionales de la Superintendencia de Industria y Comercio
En este conjunto de datos se encuentran las demandas de Protección al Consumidor admitidas y terminadas durante el periodo del 1 de enero al 31 diciembre de 2019, indicando año, número de radicado, la fecha de presentación de la demanda, fecha de admisión de la demanda, fecha de terminación, tipo de trámite y el subtipo del trámite.
Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) Log - Office of the President - Archive
This dataset is an archive for historical reference only. For current data please see https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/d/7aqq-ahcq. Updated 3/19/12.  A list of recent FOIA requests sent to the Office of the President.
Notificaciones por aviso y personales de la Superfinanciera
Notificaciones publicadas por la Secretaria General y/o Cobro Coactivo, de la superintendencia Financiera de Colombia
Licensed Fuels Taxpayers
Fuels tax license holders in Texas including Taxpayer Number, Name, City, Zip Code and Permit Type.
Dangerous Dogs 1996-Current County Agriculture
Historical results of Dangerous Dogs in Pennsylvania.  A dangerous dog is one that has:    (1)  Inflicted severe injury on a human being without provocation on public or private property.    (2)  Killed or inflicted severe injury on a domestic animal, dog or cat without provocation while off the owner’s property.    (3)  Attacked a human being without provocation.    (4)  Been used in the commission of a crime.    And the dog has either or both of the following:    (1)  A history of attacking human beings and/or domestic animals, dogs or cats without provocation.    (2)  A propensity to attack human beings and/or domestic animals, dogs or cats without provocation.    *A propensity to attack may be proven by a single incident.    Severe injury is defined as, [3 P.S. § 459-102] “Any physical injury that results in broken bones or disfiguring lacerations requiring multiple sutures or cosmetic surgery.”  More information can be found here - https://www.agriculture.pa.gov/Animals/DogLaw/Dangerous%20Dogs/Pages/default.aspx    More information on Chapter 27 Regulations - https://www.agriculture.pa.gov/Animals/DogLaw/Dangerous%20Dogs/Documents/Chapter%2027%20Dangerous%20Dogs.pdf    PDF's for Chapter 27 and Pennsylvania Dog Laws are attached to the metadata
FY19 Minority & Women Owned Business (MWBE) Spend Report
This dataset shows the breakdown of City of Memphis FY19 spend with minority and women owned business enterprises. The breakdown includes data for all divisions in addition to a citywide total.  *Unallocated represents those checks that were not attributed to a division at the time of payment.  **Public Works spent an additional $14,800,844.23 with MWBE firms through the Sewer Assessment and Rehabilitation Program, which is managed by Black and Veatch. This amount is not included in the official report because it is managed by an outside entity. However, if that amount were included, Public Works percent MWBE spend would be 22.39%.    ***Retirement investment, money manager, and custodian fees are excluded from eligible spend in this report, but will be included in a separate report produced by the Finance Division and Investment Manager.  ****In the event that a business is eligible for both MBE and WBE certifications, the MBE certification is counted. However, a business may elect to maintain only a WBE certification. As a result, the Caucasian Female dollar percent will not exactly match the WBE percent.
Students Distance from School - by school and SA1
Information on the location students live by Statistical Area Level 1 (SA1) which uses the ABS geographical encoding. Data is aggregated to a minimum 5 cell count per SA1.
Base Única de Afiliados en el Departamento y Municipios del Caquetá.
Es la base que contiene la información de los afiliados plenamente  identificados, del los distintos regímenes del Sistema de Seguridad Social en Salud. (Régimen Subsidiado, Contributivo y Regímenes especiales).
BP Assist Helpline Requests
Helpline Requests reported to the BP Assist App Annually
Energy Used Per Person in Edmonton
Energy used per capita is a measure of energy use efficiency within Edmonton's boundaries. The energy in this calculation includes vehicle fuels, natural gas and electricity.   Energy used per person in Edmonton has declined significantly since 2005 primarily due to improved fueld efficiency in vehicles, furnaces and boilers, and changes to LED lighting. Edmonton has a target to improve its energy use efficiency by 25% (to 181 MW / person) by 2035.
Absentee/Early Voting Turnout - 2018 Primary Data
2018 Primary Election absentee voting data.
Población atendida - Grupos etnicos
Este conjunto de datos representa la población atendida pertenecientes a grupos etnicos en instituciones educativas desde el 2011 hasta el 2019**    **: Dato parcial Fuente: Coordinación de educación
Correos Institucionales Alcaldía De La Jagua De Ibirico
Correos Institucionales Alcaldía De La Jagua De Ibirico
Contracts Awarding
This Indicator measures the percent by race/ethnicity of Prime contractors for construction and professional services contracts who received under $100,000. Additional data is provided on the average amount received by these contractors. Data is from fiscal year 2015-16 and the date used to assign contracts to a fiscal year is the date that the compliance analysis was completed, or the review date. The dollar amounts represent the initial award; any negotiated bid amounts or change orders are not taken into account. The initial award is adjusted to how much of the total contract went to the Prime as opposed to Subprime contractors.
Hate Crimes (2010 - Current Year)
A hate crime is defined by the FBI as a “criminal offense against a person or property motivated in whole or in part by an offender’s bias against a race, religion, disability, sexual orientation, ethnicity, gender, or gender identity.”   The State of Illinois Police (I.S.P.) and Federal Bureau of Investigations (F.B.I.) have specific reporting guidelines for Hate Crime data. Due to the Naperville Police Department’s proactive stance on this crime type, data presented on the Open Data Portal may differ with what is reported through ISP and the FBI. For information on the guidelines set forth, please visit https://www.isp.state.il.us/crime/ucrhome.cfm for further details.
NS Births by Weight and Gestational Age
Number of births by birth weight in grams and gestational age in weeks for all of Nova Scotia.
FY2016 Official Enrollment
Fiscal Year 2016 Official Enrollment
Township Property Tax Rates & Revenues
The dataset contains the property tax rates and property tax revenue budgeted to be derived from those rates for each township and township split district in the State of Iowa.  Property rates and revenues are grouped by type of rate and shown in total.
FIN Number of Users from Regional Agencies using IT Systems
Number of users from Regional Agencies that use Pierce County Information Technology Systems or Services.
Capacidad Hospitalaria de Risaralda
Capacidad instalada en los prestadores de salud en el Departamento de Risaralda
Active Credit Access Business Licenses- Updated May 5, 2017
Dataset of Active Credit Access Business Licenses
World Bank (IBRD) Bonds (1947-Present)
The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) is a triple-A rated multilateral development institution and the first to enter the capital markets in July 1947. All World Bank (IBRD) bonds support World Bank operations and sustainable development. The World Bank Treasury manages the IBRD funding program. These data include all bonds issued since first bond on July 15, 1947.
Memoria institucional bibliográfica de Corantioquia
Descripción bibliográfica y acceso a informes finales de contratos y convenios realizados por y para Corantioquia desde 1995 al 2020.
Monthly COVID-19 Case Counts by Area in Utah March_April 2020
This data set represents daily COVID-19 'Case Counts' by health area in Utah for March through April. These data are published daily on Coronavirus.Utah.gov.  The population amounts are derived from the Utah Dept of Health IBIS-Ph data system.
Puntos Vive Digital Oficiales de Sucre
Descripción y ubicación de los puntos de vive digital del Departamento de Sucre.
2010-2011 School Closure Discharge Reporting Grade - District
In June 2011, 15 New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2010-2011 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043.
Mayor's Meeting Expenses (2017)
January 1, 2017 - December 31, 2017  For information on other expense categories, refer to the Mayor's Expense Report (https://data.edmonton.ca/Elected-Officials/Mayor-s-Expense-Report-2017-/57zn-hmt4).
County Fire Engine Replacement Fund Number of vehicles replaced
County Fire Engine Replacement Fund Number of vehicles replaced  FPFER  Measure K
Novenas Patronales Del Municipio De Baranoa 2017
Descripción de las novenas Patronales del Municipio de Baranoa
Incidencia Crime Map
Fuente: Policía de Puerto Rico.  Notas: Este conjunto de datos ya no se está actualizando.  Para ver datos mas recientes, visitar: http://data.pr.gov/d/fa2r-cgde.  Los datos provistos por esta aplicación constituyen estadísticas operacionales de la Policía de Puerto Rico. Su finalidad es única y exclusivamente como medio informativo y pueden no reflejar los porcentajes actuales. Ello toda vez que estos datos son preliminares, y pueden cambiar según avanzan los procesos investigativos.     Para información estadística oficial y certificada puede contactar a la División de Estadística de la Policía de Puerto Rico : (787) 793-1234 , ext. 3113;  ext. 2281  o  lsala@policia.pr.gov .
MATRICULA DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER POR MODELO
A CRECER ES UN MODELO DE ALFABETIZACIÓN Y EDUCACIÓN BÁSICA PRIMARIA, DIRIGIDO A JÓVENES Y ADULTOS DE ZONAS RURALES Y URBANAS MARGINALES, ADAPTADO DE ACUERDO CON LAS CARACTERÍSTICAS SOCIALES Y ECONÓMICAS DEL PAÍS.
Anne Arundel County Crime Rate By Type
Historical crime rates per 100,000 people, 1975 - present. In June 2017 we changed the update frequency of this dataset from annual to as-needed because sometimes there is a lag that is often 6 months after the annual date before the new data is available.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2021 - Bulk
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2020 to September 30, 2021.
Summer Reading Program Participation
Total number of summer reading program participants in the Peninsula Library System (32 total libraries), percent of children in San Mateo County who participate in a summer reading program,and percent of participants who complete a summer reading program.
City Council Roll Call Votes 2018-2019
The dataset contains vote results for all City Council agenda items in which a roll call vote was taken, starting in January of 2018.     The Cambridge City Council uses two different voting methods: voice votes and roll call votes. During a voice vote, all those in favor of a motion verbally vote “yes” simultaneously, and then all those opposed vote “no” simultaneously. During a roll call vote, each Councilor votes “yes” or “no” in turn. Voice votes are more common and are not recorded in this dataset. The Council tends to rely on roll call votes for City Manager’s agenda items related to fiscal and budgetary topics (e.g., how much money to allocate to a department or program). Please read the limitations section of this metadata form to avoid misinterpretations of the data.     To learn more about Council meeting operations, please refer to the Rules of the City Council: http://www.cambridgema.gov/~/media/Files/citycouncil/20162017rulesofthecitycouncil.ashx    To learn more about the parliamentary voting procedures generally, please refer to Robert’s Rules of Order:   http://www.rulesonline.com/rror-08.htm
2010 SFO Customer Survey
SFO conducts a yearly comprehensive survey of our guests to gauge satisfaction with our facilities, services, and amenities.  SFO compares results to previous surveys to look for areas of improvement and discover elements of the guest experience that are not satisfactory.
Programa Colombia Mayor Briceño Boyacá 2017
El Programa de Solidaridad con el Adulto Mayor “Colombia Mayor”, busca aumentar la protección de los adultos mayores que se encuentran desamparados, que no cuentan con una pensión o viven en la indigencia o en la extrema pobreza; por medio de la entrega de un subsidio económico.
Consolidado Hotelero
Capacidad hotelera del Municipio de La Mesa
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH35 B117 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE OCT2018
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM BENEFITS to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA’s determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Sacramento Winter Run Life Cycle Model Estuary Habitat Capacity Model Run Results Level One Scenario
InPort Dataset ID: 30851 InPort Entity ID: 36826 Estimation of habitat capacity for Chinook salmon in the Sacramento delta and San Francisco Bay, using hydrologic outputs for three scenarios run for the California Waterfix. Details on methods of capacity estimation can be found in Hendrix et al. 2012 (NOAA Tech memo NMFS-SWFSC-530).
Ubicacion de Zonas WiFi en el Departamento del Atlántico
Antenas WiFi en el Departamento del Atlántico
Sales – kWh by Customer Class
This table groups Austin Energy customers into five classes: residential, primary 1 & 2, secondary 1, 2, & 3, lighting, and contract/tes/trans/highload. View sales in dollars and kWh.
Golf Course Operating Histories
Operating histories of golf courses in Ramsey County from 2009 to July 2020.
Historical IBRD Income Statements Data
This dataset contains Income Statement data from IBRD’s published financial statements It was compiled from data in our systems as well as by extracting the data from the published Financial Statements documents. The dataset goes as far back as the foundation of the institution (1946). This data has been verified and validated for publication, but does not, in any capacity, replace the official published Financial Statements.  An archive for IBRD’s annual Financial Statements is available at www.worldbank.org/financialresults
Community Development Public Service Program Activities by Supervisor District
Through the Community Development Public Service Programs, MOHCD funds a wide range of social services, with two primary objectives: 1) Families and individuals are resilient and economically self-sufficient, and 2) Families and individuals are stably housed. These objectives are met through specific funding strategies developed in our ten program areas. This data reports MOHCD’s efforts toward accomplishing those two objectives across each program area. Data reflects activities funded for Fiscal Year 2018-2019 as of June 30, 2019.
Outpatient Physical therapy locations
Department of Health Outpatient Physical Therapy locations
Health & Hospitals System - Outpatient Registrations, by ZIP - Fiscal Year 2011 Incomplete
Data for 2011 through June 2011. Enclosed data represents outpatient registrations including hospital ancillary services (e.g. laboratory, radiology, physical therapy, dialysis), primary and speciality care clinics (Fantus, Stroger Speciality Clinic, Ambulatory Screening Center, Prieto, Austin, Logan Square, Cicero, Vista, Child Advocacy Center, Woodlawn Adult Clinic, Englewood, Morton East, Near South, Sengstacke, Southside Pediatrics, Southside OB, Cottage Grove, Lincoln Robbins, Woody Winston, and OFH Speciality Clinic) same day surgery, CORE center and emergency department registrations
Daily Ozone Emissions Utah 2003
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Ozone) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Goal Tile Dataset for Seattle- Gov Redesign
Dataset for reporting on the "Redesign our Website" Performance Seattle goal tile
Individuals Under Medical Assistance Diagnosed with Opioid Use Disorder CY 2015-2018 Annual County Human Services
This dataset contains the total counts of PA Department of Human Services (DHS) Medical Assistance (MA) individuals diagnosed with Opioid Use Disorder (OUD) or OUD Poisoning.  Also included are individuals receiving MAT (Medication assisted treatment - the use of medications in combination with counseling and behavioral therapies for the treatment of substance use disorders.) NOT diagnosed in the same period. Counts are reported by case county and cover calendar years 2015 - 2018.
Lobbyists on Behalf of the City - Disclosure Reports
The San Francisco Sunshine Ordinance, S.F. Admin. Code Section 67.1 et seq., requires lobbyists who contract for economic consideration with the City to represent the City in matters before any local, regional, state or federal administrative or legislative body to file quarterly activity reports with the Ethics Commission. These persons and entities are referred to as “Lobbyists on Behalf of the City.”  Please note: Lobbyists on Behalf of the City should not be confused with lobbyists who attempt to influence City officers on local legislative or administrative action on behalf of private parties. The latter are regulated by the San Francisco Lobbyist Ordinance, S.F. Campaign and Governmental Conduct Code Section 2.100, et seq., not by the Sunshine Ordinance.
Community Board Leadership
This is a comprehensive list of each Community Board and its respective Chair and District Manager. The list also includes the address, meeting time and telephone number of each Community Board. Constitutents may use the list as an informational tool to contact their Community Boards and be able to attend meetings.
Traffic Violations By Type 2015
This dataset displays the kind/number of citations issued in 2015.
HOMOLOGACION BIOMA VERSUS ECOSISTEMAS EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2015
HOMOLOGACION BIOMA VERSUS ECOSISTEMAS EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2015
Tasa Repitencia Educacion
La tasa de permanencia es la relación de estudiantes que ingresan al sistema  educativo en el año lectivo en cada uno de los niveles educativos y el total de estudiantes  que terminan el año. Aquellos que faltan en la matrícula oficial se buscan en el SIMAT a  nivel nacional para determinar el movimiento de población, si no aparecen en ninguna  entidad territorial se consideran por fuera del sistema; es decir desertores.
Tarifas de energía de CENS
Desglose de la tarifa de energía de CENS
King County Voting Districts (Geo Data)
Voting Districts in King County, Washington (spatial)
Información Clasificada y Reservada Gobernación del Valle
El Índice de información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada y debe cumplir con las siguientes características
Hoteles- Residencias Municipio De Yarumal
Hoteles y residencias del municipio de Yarumal Antioquia
Face Amount of Life Insurance Coverage by Program by State 2012/02/29
<p>Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 02/29/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially-adapted housing.</p>
Internet Móvil suscriptores por proveedor
Índice de penetración de los suscriptores y cantidad total de suscriptores de Internet con acceso móvil por suscripción. Los datos se muestran discriminados por proveedor y en total en Colombia. Periodo 2015-4T hasta 2019-1T
2016 San Diego County Demographics - School Enrollment (K-12)
School Enrollment (K-12). Home schooled students are included in private school enrollment. Respondents who marked both the “public” and “private” boxes are included in public school enrollment. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B14002, B01001.
Histórico - Número de afiliados por departamento, municipio, régimen y sexo para el mes de diciembre de los años 2012 a 2016
Histórico - Número de afiliados por departamento, municipio, régimen y sexo para el mes de diciembre de los años 2012 a 2016.
Nonmotorized Transportation Plan
Polylines showing non-motorized routes in Pierce County. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbtrans_nonmotorized_trans_plan.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
L.A. Zoo Attendance
L.A. Zoo attendance for the last 5 years.
Limited Entry Pronghorn Harvest Hunt Utah 2011
Limited Entry Prognhorn Harvest Hunt Utah 2011
Austin Cohort Training Dataset - DJL
Training dataset from the SD23 cohort.
DOB Violations
Violations that have been issued by the Department of Buildings. There may also be an ECB violation. (https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Housing-Development/DOB-ECB-Violations/6bgk-3dad)
Tasa de natalidad por municipio 2013
Fuente: Registro Demográfico, Estadísticas Vitales  Tasa por cada 1,000 habitantes en Puerto Rico.  Fecha del archivo 22 de julio de 2014
Natural Gas Gross Production In Utah By The 25 Largest Operators T4.7 2013
Natural Gas Gross Production In Utah By The 25 Largest Operators T4.7 2013
Tacoma Fire Department - Fire Incident Data Table
Fire Reports for all fire incidents occurring from 1/1/2011 through the previous month of the current year.  Data contains information from filed fire reports.  Included data covers the type of fire, location, cause of the fire, call received and incident response times, information on the property type and use for structure and mobile fires, estimated property loss incurred.  Also included in the data set are details on the structure involved and specifics on the range of fire and smoke damage for structure fires, data on the type/model of vehicle for mobile fires or estimate on the size of the affected area for outside fires.
AFSC/RACE/FBEP/Hurst: Resiliency of juvenile walleye pollock to projected levels of ocean acidification
This dataset is from a study examining the growth responses of juvenile walleye pollock at ambient and 3 elevated CO2 levels.
NCHS - Teen Birth Rates for Age Group 15-19 in the United States by County
This data set contains estimated teen birth rates for age group 15–19 (expressed per 1,000 females aged 15–19) by county and year.    DEFINITIONS    Estimated teen birth rate: Model-based estimates of teen birth rates for age group 15–19 (expressed per 1,000 females aged 15–19) for a specific county and year. Estimated county teen birth rates were obtained using the methods described elsewhere (1,2,3,4). These annual county-level teen birth estimates “borrow strength” across counties and years to generate accurate estimates where data are sparse due to small population size (1,2,3,4). The inferential method uses information—including the estimated teen birth rates from neighboring counties across years and the associated explanatory variables—to provide a stable estimate of the county teen birth rate.  Median teen birth rate: The middle value of the estimated teen birth rates for the age group 15–19 for counties in a state.  Bayesian credible intervals: A range of values within which there is a 95% probability that the actual teen birth rate will fall, based on the observed teen births data and the model.    NOTES    Data on the number of live births for women aged 15–19 years were extracted from the National Center for Health Statistics’ (NCHS) National Vital Statistics System birth data files for 2003–2015 (5).    Population estimates were extracted from the files containing intercensal and postcensal bridged-race population estimates provided by NCHS. For each year, the July population estimates were used, with the exception of the year of the decennial census, 2010, for which the April estimates were used.    Hierarchical Bayesian space–time models were used to generate hierarchical Bayesian estimates of county teen birth rates for each year during 2003–2015 (1,2,3,4).    The Bayesian analogue of the frequentist confidence interval is defined as the Bayesian credible interval. A 100*(1-α)% Bayesian credible interval for an unknown parameter vector θ and observed data vector y is a subset C of parameter space Ф such that  1-α≤P({C│y})=∫p{θ │y}dθ,  where integration is performed over the set  and is replaced by summation for discrete components of θ.  The probability that θ lies in C given the observed data y is at least (1- α) (6).    County borders in Alaska changed, and new counties were formed and others were merged, during 2003–2015. These changes were reflected in the population files but not in the natality files. For this reason, two counties in Alaska were collapsed so that the birth and population counts were comparable. Additionally, Kalawao County, a remote island county in Hawaii, recorded no births, and census estimates indicated a denominator of 0 (i.e., no females between the ages of 15 and 19 years residing in the county from 2003 through 2015). For this reason, Kalawao County was removed from the analysis. Also , Bedford City, Virginia, was added to Bedford County in 2015 and no longer appears in the mortality file in 2015. For consistency, Bedford City was merged with Bedford County, Virginia, for the entire 2003–2015 period. Final analysis was conducted on 3,137 counties for each year from 2003 through 2015. County boundaries are consistent with the vintage 2005–2007 bridged-race population file geographies (7).    SOURCES    National Center for Health Statistics. Vital statistics data available online, Natality all-county files. Hyattsville, MD. Published annually.    For details about file release and access policy, see NCHS data release and access policy for micro-data and compressed vital statistics files, available from: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/dvs_data_release.htm.    For natality public-use files, see vital statistics data available online, available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data_access/vitalstatsonline.htm.    National Center for Health Statistics. U.S. Census populations with bridged race categories. Estimated population data available. Postcensal and intercensal files. Hyattsville, MD
Building Permits Issued
Details of building permits approved and issued by Metro Codes over a rolling three-year period.
39th Ave NE Greenway at NE 62nd St Bicycle Counter (Out of Service)
The counters consist of two small tube sensors stretching across the street, which are attached to a small metal counting box made by Eco-Counter. The tubes only count people riding bikes. They are very accurate and designed to be used on greenways.  This sensor is currently out of service, and no longer collecting data.
Individual Provider Network Data: 2019 Quarter 2
The Individual Provider Network Data displays information on individuals participating in health plan networks from April through June, 2019. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by the Department of Health, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans.  For more information, please visit: https://pndslookup.health.ny.gov.
BB FY15 REC Charges To Other Dept
FY15 CE Recommended Budget Book Charges To Other Dept
Campaign Finance Summary
This dataset contains campaign finance summary records for candidate and committee campaigns for the last 10 years. The data present a summary with one record per candidate or committee for an election year that summarized the campaign contributions ,expenditures, debts, etc up to the point in time the summary was generated.     For candidates campaigns, the number of years is determined by the year of the election, not necessarily the year the data was reported.     This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.    Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.    CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication and or referenced documents constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
Transparency – Utah Local Government Revenue 2019
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
Child Abuse Prevention Services in San Francisco
Contains information on child abuse prevention services provided by multiple departments within the City and County of San Francisco, including services run directly by City departments and programs provided by contracted organizations. Information was collected by the Controller’s Office as a first step in creating a county-wide abuse prevention plan, and includes program descriptions, cost information (where available), and categorizations by service area, protective factor, target audience, and level of prevention. This data was originally collected in FY19 for programs run during FY18. For more information please see the Controller's report at http://openbook.sfgov.org/webreports/details3.aspx?id=2778
Maryland Total Migration: 2000-2019
Maryland Total (International and Domestic) Migration from 2000 to 2019. Source from the Population Division, U.S. Census Bureau.
Third Grade Reading Proficiency By School
Open Michigan (OpenMichigan@michigan.gov) is the official State of Michigan account.  Any items created by other user accounts are not endorsed by the State of Michigan.   Cells that are blank indicate that there were less between 0 to 10 students in that category for the school. https://www.mischooldata.org/
Activos de información de la gobernación de Caldas
Activos de información de la gobernación de Caldas
2008 General Election Precinct-Level Turnout
Turnout percentage for each precinct in the state for the 2008 general election
Esterilización Canina Y Felina del Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística Esterilización Canina Y Felina del Municipio de Chia 2018
Department of Revenue Services - Tax Credits Claimed For 2010
Department of Revenue Services Tax Credits Claimed on 2010 Corporation Business, Insurance Premiums and Public Service Companies Tax Returns
Sitios Turísticos
Información de los sitios turísticos- patrimonio material inmueble y sitio natural- del municipio de Ricaurte.
Late-Stage Female Breast Cancer Incidence Rate (cases per 100,000 females), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of new cases of breast cancer (per 100,000) diagnosed at the regional or distant stage among females.    Definition: Age-adjusted incidence rate of invasive breast cancer per 100,000 female population.    Data Sources:     (1)  NJ State Cancer Registry, Dec 31, 2015 Analytic File, using NCI SEER*Stat ver 8.2.1 (www.seer.cancer.gov/seerstat)    (2) NJ population estimates as calculated by the NCI's SEER Program, released January 2015, http://www.seer.cancer.gov/popdata/download.html.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of January 2018</p>
10 CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD EN HOSPITALIZACION-URGENCIAS Y CONSULTA EXTERNA EN LA E.S.E HOSPITAL EL SALVADOR DE UBATE 1ER SEMESTRE 2018
10 causas de morbilidad en hospitalización-urgencias y consulta externa en la E.S.E hospital el salvador de Ubaté 1er semestre 2018
TARIFAS
TARIFAS AGOSTO 2020
Training CFS
Training Dataset for CFS
Guatemala Food Consumption Data: Section 4
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the fourth spreadsheet of sixin the Guatemala Food Consumption Data.
IT- Data Pctgs
Information Technology Department datasets that are stored as a percentage
College Credit Card Agreements From The Credit CARD Act Of 2009 For Utah
As required by the Credit CARD Act of 2009, the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau collects information annually from credit card issuers who have marketing agreements with universities, colleges, or affiliated organizations such as alumni associations, sororities, fraternities, and foundations. They publish this information and write an annual report to Congress on the state of college credit card agreements.  This data set contains Utah agreements.
End- Use Price Of Coal Consumed In Utah T2.23 1970-2012
End- Use Price Of Coal Consumed In Utah T2.23 1970-2012
Ancillary Services (Procedure Code Group 6060)
Codes in this file are considered ancillary (defined as “services supportive of or necessary for providing a primary service”). Ancillary services may be provided either before, after, or concurrent with the primary service. For example, anesthesia during surgery is a concurrent ancillary service. Community support services provided before or after behavioral health therapy is also ancillary, but not concurrent.      Ancillary codes are covered when they are medically appropriate and 1) part of the care for a funded (“above the line”) condition; or 2) part of a covered diagnostic workup. Payment for ancillary codes varies by program. For example, some codes may be bundled for payment or OHP may require a different coding option. See program rules for details.    		  This list is for reference purposes only. This list does not guarantee coverage. For specific coverage information please contact the Provider Services Unit at 1-800-336-6016.
Summer Meal Programs - Seamless Summer Option (SSO) - Contacts and Program Participation - Program Period 2019
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> This dataset contains <b>contact and program participation information for each site participating in the Seamless Summer Option (SSO) for summer 2019 (SNP program year 2018-2019).</b> The active application period for summer program participants runs January through April. <b>Changes in participant information can occur through August.</b>  Summer meals programs operate mid-May through the end of August. <p>  <b>New Data Fields Available!</b><br> CE and site status (active/inactive), termination status, termination as of date, and  application cycle (new/renewal) are now available on this dataset. These fields have been added to the last columns of the report and data descriptions have been added to the column metadata.<p>   An overview of <b>all Summer Meal Program data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/52en-tt82 target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Summer Meals Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>   <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program participation data by April 1 of the active program year. Due to the short duration of the summer meal programs, updates to the program participation dataset will occur every two weeks until the end of August.<p>  All TDA datasets will have a final active update 90 days after the close of the program period.  Datasets will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program period before becoming archived. <b>Any data posted during the active update schedule is subject to change.</b><p>  <b>A detailed list of TDA Food and Nutrition datasets and data fields available on the Texas Open Data Portal can be downloaded as a PDF <a href=https://www.squaremeals.org/Portals/8/files/PIR/TDA%20Food%20and%20Nutrition%20Data%20Fields%20and%20Definitions.pdf target="_blank">here</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP), and summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><br>
Libraries - 2016 Holds Placed by Location
Patrons may place holds on desired materials either online or by contacting any CPL location. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches.  Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages.  Independence Branch closed due to a fire on 10/30/15.
Barrios de Natagaima Tolima
Barrios de Natagaima Tolima legalmente constituidos
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Long: Effects of ocean acidification on respiration, feeding, and growth of juvenile red and blue king crabs (Paralithodes camtschaticus and P. platypus)
Juvenile red and blue king crabs (Paralithodes camtschaticus and P. platypus) were exposed to three pH levels: ambient (pH 8.1), pH 7.8, and pH 7.5 for three weeks. Oxygen consumption and feeding ration were determined immediately after exposure to treatment water and after three weeks exposure. Growth can be calculated from the wet mass observations.
2014 Public Bonds Data As of JUne 30, 2014
The data provided here details the State of Missouri's Public Bonds Data as of June 30, 2014.
Innovation Office FY2017 Feedback Survey Responses
Survey responses with feedback on the Innovation Office's role in projects and events. Includes surveys conducted between October 1, 2016 - August 22, 2017.
A Picture - Indicator 34, Figure 36
Median weekly equivalised disposable household income, ACT and Australia, 2002–03 to 2015–16.  Source: ABS cat. No. 6523.0; Table 1.1, Table 24.1 and Table 16.1.
CDC PRAMStat Data for 2000
2000. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). PRAMS, the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System, is a surveillance system collecting state-specific, population-based data on maternal attitudes and experiences before, during, and shortly after pregnancy. It is a collaborative project of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and state health departments. PRAMS provides data for state health officials to use to improve the health of mothers and infants. PRAMS topics include abuse, alcohol use, contraception, breastfeeding, mental health, morbidity, obesity, preconception health, pregnancy history, prenatal-care, sleep behavior, smoke exposure, stress, tobacco use, WIC, Medicaid, infant health, and unintended pregnancy. Data will be updated annually as it becomes available.
Inpatient Prospective Payment System  IPPS  Provider Summary For The Top 100 DRG code charges - FY2011 Utah
This data set includes Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) Provider Summary charges for the Top 100 Diagnosis-Related Groups (DRG) - FY2011 in Utah. The data provided here include hospital-specific charges for Utah hospitals that receive Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) payments for the top 100 most frequently billed discharges, paid under Medicare based on a rate per discharge using the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2011.
eMaryland Marketplace Bids - Fiscal Year 2015
eMaryland Marketplace Bids for Fiscal Year 2015 (July 1, 2014 through June 30, 2015)
EPS Response Times And Dispatch Volume
This dataset provides EPS statistics for our Response Time Performance and Dispatch Call Volume for Priority 1 through 5 events.     Response Time Performance measures the percentage of the time that EPS dispatches a priority call and gets patrol on-scene to the event in the targeted time. The targeted time varies by priority level. Time here does not include the time it takes before the call is made available to the dispatcher. EPS's long-standing target is to meet the targeted time for 80% of events.     The calculation for Response Time Performance is based on a subset of Dispatch Call Volume; it excludes impaired driving calls (i.e., non-fixed location calls), on-view calls (patrol observes the event before the public calls it in), and follow-up calls. Hence, quarterly Response Time Performance cannot be converted to annual figures based on the data provided here.    Priority 1 through 5 calls are categorized as follows:    ◦Priority 1: In Progress Person At Risk - a rapid response will likely prevent or reduce further harm to a person. E.g., assault with a weapon in progress. Target: 7 minutes or less.    ◦Priority 2: In Progress Property At Risk - Immediate response will likely prevent or reduce the further loss of property. E.g., a citizen observing a theft of auto in progress. Target: 12 minutes or less.    ◦Priority 3: Just Occurred - Immediate response will increase the likelihood of locating a suspect. E.g., a mischief that occurred very recently. Target: 17 minutes or less.    ◦Priority 4: The Nature of the Occurrence is Time Sensitive. E.g., a shoplifter is in-custody with security and is cooperative. Target: 40 minutes or less.    ◦Priority 5: General Service - The nature of the offence is not time sensitive. E.g., a business finds that they were vandalized the night before (i.e., the absence of in progress or just occurred). Target: 180 minutes or less.
Census Planning Database - Tract - Households
The Census Planning Database is produced by the U.S. Census Bureau. It assembles a range of housing, demographic, socioeconomic, and census operational data that can be used for survey and census planning.   The Planning Database uses selected Census and selected 2012-2016 American Community Survey (ACS) estimates. In addition to variables extracted from the census and ACS databases, operational variables include the 2010 Census Mail Return Rate for each block group and tract.  This dataset is a subset of the 2018 Census Planning Database, filtered for the state of Connecticut, and including variables relating to households. Variables relating to geography, population, housing units, census operations, and hard to count populations at the tract and block level can also be found on the CT Data Portal with the tag "Census 2020."
BPD Arrests
This data represents the top arrest charge of those processed at Baltimore's Central Booking & Intake Facility. This data does not contain those who have been processed through Juvenile Booking.
Zoning Map - Zoning Districts
The Zoning Districts are a component of the Zoning Map which in turn is a key component of the San Francisco Planning Code. More information can be found here: https://sfplanning.org/zoning
Listado de Librerías -Tunja
En este formato se almacenan los datos de las librerias de la ciudad de Tunja.
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Long: Data from: Habitat, predation, growth, and coexistence: Could interactions between juvenile red and blue king crabs limit blue king crab productivity?
This data set is from a series of laboratory experiments examining the interactions between red and blue king crabs and habitat. We examined how density and predator presence affect habitat choice by red and blue king crabs. Further experiments determined how temperature and habitat affect predation by year-1 red king crab on year-0 blue king crab. Finally, long-term interaction experiments examined how habitat and density affected growth, survival, and intra-guild interactions between red and blue king crab.
2015 Total Net Grand List By Town
The Grand List is the aggregate valuation of taxable property within a given town. The Total Net Grand Lists by Town Data includes a breakdown for taxable categories and exemptions under the following column headings:  Town Name, Residential, Commercial, Industrial, Public Utility, Vacant, Land Use, 10 Mill Forest, Apartments, Total Real, Real Exemptions, Total Net Real, Motor Vehicles, MV Exemptions, Total Net MV, Personal Property, Personal Property Exemptions, Total Net Personal Property, Total Net Grand List  Additional columns have been provided for detailed information regarding types of motor vehicles and personal property.
Operadores y prestadores Servicio Turismo
Este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre los operadores y prestadores de servicios de turismo del Municipio de Yopal.
Basic Sliding Fee Child Care Wait List  Data
Number of families and children by month on the wait list for Basic Sliding Fee child care. The Basic Sliding Fee subsidizes care for children while their parents work, look for a job, or attend school.
X-Ray Facilities
This dataset contains the list of registered facilities that own, operate, or sell x-ray producing equipment in New York State, including: mailing address, radiation safety officer, contact information, and description of facilities. Excluding businesses that use x-ray producing equipment in a commercial application; businesses located in New York City are not represented by these data. For more information, visit https://www.health.ny.gov/radiation.
FY 2011 Use of VA Education Benefits-Recipients by Training Type and VA Education Benefit Program
<p>FY 2011 Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through August FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the August FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.</p>
Modalidades selección empleadas por el Departamento Administrativo de Contratación Pública del Municipio de Santiago de Cali según número de contratos y valor de contratos durante la vigencia 2018
Modalidades selección empleadas por el Departamento Administrativo de Contratación Pública del Municipio de Santiago de Cali según número de contratos y valor de contratos durante la vigencia 2018, contemplando las diferentes plataformas de contratación pública (SECOP I - SECOP II) y Tienda Virtual. Actualizado a 10 de octubre de 2018.
CIT Follow Up 2017
Tracking the days for Crisis Intervention Team (CIT) follow up
ACT Socio-economic Index for Individuals (SEIFI) 2006
This spread sheet shows all of the State Suburbs for the ACT and the % of the 15-64 year old population  within each Socio-Economic Indexes for Individuals (SEIFI) IRSD group.  The data used to create this information was the same as used in the research paper “Socio-Economic Indexes for Areas: Getting a handle on individual diversity within areas” by Phillip Wise and Rosalynn Mathews. It is advised that this paper is read to further develop an understanding of the concepts and caveats associated with the analytical output contained in the spreadsheet.    Group 1 – Approx. most disadvantage  20% of the 15-64 year old population   Group 2 – Approx. second most disadvantaged 20% of the 15- 64 population   Group 3 – Approx. second least disadvantaged 30% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 4 – Approx. least disadvantaged 30% of the 15-64 year old population     Please also note that not all ACT CDs have been included as their populations are below the ABS population count threshold (<3), those removed are:  - 8013801 in Reid   - 8012805 in Turner  - 8014302 in Kingston  - 8021701 in Unclassified ACT  - 8010110 in Bonner  - 8023401 in Tharwa  - 8010103 in Unclassified ACT  - 8014305 in Kingston  - 8014803 in Forrest    It should be noted that multiple Compact Discs of data make up this dataset, as a result the data for each suburb is distributed across several discs. This cccounts for the multiple rows of data that appear for each suburb.
CONTRATACIÓN,CONVENIO ALCALDÍA DE CHIA 2019
CONTRATACIÓN CONVENIOS ALCALDÍA VIGENCIA 2019
Farm Plots Survey for Agriculture for Children's Empowerment (ACE) in Liberia- Workforce Endline Dataset
The STRIVE project, funded by USAID's Displaced Children and Orphans Fund (DCOF) and managed by FHI 360, used market-led economic strengthening initiatives to improve the well-being of vulnerable children. Through STRIVE, ACDI/VOCA  implemented the Agriculture for Children’s Empowerment (ACE) Project in Liberia, which is founded on the premise that increased household economic security will stimulate more consistent investments in children’s well being via longer term social investments in education and nutrition.  ACE’s primary focus was on the horticulture value chain (VC) — the production and marketing of vegetables by smallholder farmers in Montserrado, Bong, and Nimba counties of Liberia. ACE also strengthened smallholder rice farming to increase household food security using a market-sensitive approach to rice seed lending and cultivation.    This dataset contains information about the workforce described in the survey.
Capital Improvements 1996 to 2012
listing of projects in the City's Capital Improvements Budget and their characteristics
Bienes inmuebles del municipio de Malambo01
A continuación encontrara el listado de los bienes inmuebles, propiedad del municipio
CONDICIÓN DE LAS VÍCTIMAS 1ER SEMESTRE 2017
Condición de las víctimas por accidente del 1er semestre 2017 en el Municipio de Copacabana
Cuadro de Clasificación Documental vigente a partir del 1 de enero de 2018 - Banco de la República
El Cuadro de Clasificación Documental - CCD es un instrumento de especial importancia para la ciudadanía, por cuanto en este se consignan las series documentales que durante su historia institucional ha producido el Banco.  Como resultado del proceso de actualización de las Tablas de Retención Documental, se actualizó igualmente el Cuadro de Clasificación Documental, incorporando a éste las nuevas series documentales, agrupadas de acuerdo con la estructura orgánico-funcional y los macro-procesos definidos por la Entidad.  Su estructura incluye:    Código de serie documental. Que corresponde a un número alfanumérico que identifica a cada una de los departamentos, seguido de un número de dos dígitos que corresponde a los macro-procesos y los últimos cuatro dígitos corresponden a las series documentales. Denominación de la serie documental. Nombre asignado a la serie documental. Dependencia productora. Nombre de la dependencia de acuerdo con la estructura orgánica vigente. Vigencia: año a partir del cual entra en vigencia.
Uniform Crime Reporting System Offenses 2012
The Uniform Crime Reporting Program measures the extent, fluctuation and distribution of crime throughout the United States.     After counting Crime Index offenses reported, minus any unfounded complaints, contributors provide the number of “actual offenses” and the number of crimes cleared. For a criminal offense to be “cleared,” either of the following situations must prevail: (1) at least one person is arrested, charged, and turned over to the court for prosecution; or (2) some element beyond police control precludes the physical arrest of the offender (e.g., death of offender, victim refuses to cooperate, confession by offender already in police custody), resulting in the offense being cleared by “exceptional means.” Contributing agencies also include data on the value of property stolen and recovered in connection with the reported offenses, plus specific information regarding homicides, officers assaulted and arson.
Structural Fiscal Balances Database for Latin America and the Caribbean
The database allows estimating structural fiscal balances for 20 countries in the region under different assumptions regarding the output gap and commodity structural prices. It is a unique database of its kind since: 1) It takes into consideration the distinct responsiveness of different types of revenues to changes in the output gap: In order to adjust for the impact of the business cycle on revenues, we calculate individual elasticities for each source of revenue (i.e. direct taxes, indirect taxes, revenues from non-renewable resources, etc.). Since the different types of revenues in the region have different sensitivities to changes in the output gap, this disaggregated approach allows for a more fine-tuned adjustment. 2) It includes estimations of SFBs based on output gaps’ projections available in “real time”. In addition to giving estimations of the actual SFBs, we provide with estimations of the SFBs that would have resulted should the projections on output gaps available to policymakers at the time of designing fiscal policy (data in “real time”) have been correct. This is in contrast to much of the existing work on structural fiscal balances that makes only an “ex post” analysis using actual and revised information on the output gaps. 3) It allows assessing the response of fiscal policy to the business cycle. We provide with measures of the fiscal impulse, assessing not only the actual but also the intentional fiscal stance, as well as the degree of procyclicality of fiscal policy.<br><br><b>Click here to access the data:  https://mydata.iadb.org/idb/dataset/3itg-avtz</b></br></br>
VEINTE PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD 2019
VEINTE PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CATEGORÍAS CIE-10 EN CONSULTA ESPECIALIZADA
Referrals, Investigations and Founded Cases - Licensing Services & Protection for Persons in Care
Referrals are the number of reported allegations of abuse against a resident in a licensed DCS facility that are inquired into, but do not necessarily result in an investigation.  Investigations occur after a thorough inquiry into a referral determines there are reasonable grounds to believe a resident has been abused, or is likely to be abused. Founded Cases is the number of cases where the investigation determined there were probable grounds abuse occurred.  The Protection for Persons in Care Act is an extra safeguard for patients or residents 16 years of age or older receiving care from Nova Scotia’s hospitals, residential care facilities, nursing homes, homes for the aged or disabled persons under the Homes for Special Care Act."
Archived 2013 Oregon Public Meetings
This dataset includes all public meetings that were posted to the Transparency website by State of Oregon agencies, boards, commissions and ESD's from January 1. 2013 through December 31, 2013.  The meetings are sorted by name of agency, board, commission or ESD.
311 Calls (Historic Data: 2012-2018)
This dataset represents calls to the City of New Orleans' 311 Call Center from opening in 2012 to 12/28/2018. At the end of 2018, the call center moved to 24 hour operations with the Orleans Parish Communications District (OPCD). You can find the new dataset here: https://data.nola.gov/dataset/311-OPCD-Calls-2012-Present-/2jgv-pqrq
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Ground-level Ozone (O3) Hourly Data Aylesford
Hourly ambient ground-level ozone (O3) data in parts per billion from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.
Participation in Workforce Development Programs
This Indicator measures the percent of the unemployed population (ages 16 and up) in Oakland by race/ethnicity who did not participate in the City of Oakland’s Workforce Development program between 7/1/2016 and 6/30/2017. The percent that did participate for each race/ethnicity is calculated by dividing number of participants of that race/ethnicity by the number of unemployed people in the labor force in Oakland of that race/ethnicity. Percent that did not participate is 100% minus the percent that did participate. NOTE: Participation is not the most meaningful metric, but was the data available. In the future, we hope to replace this with a measurement of exit outcomes for participants by race/ethnicity (i.e., did participants successfully find jobs?).
City Court Warrants
Listing of active warrants for Baton Rouge City Court.    Warrants are posted to the site daily, however it may take up to 7-10 days for information processed in court to be reflected on the site.  If you have questions please contact the Criminal Traffic Division via email at traffic@brgov.com or call (225) 389-5278.    This lookup is not confirmation of an active warrant.  All City Court warrants should be confirmed by the official court file.  Please contact the City Constable's Office at 389-3889 or 389-3004 for confirmation.
Edmonton Arts Council - Public Art
City of Edmonton Public Art Collection is a collection of works that the City has acquired in various ways over its history: some may have commemorated a special event, some may have been gifts to the City. Many of the artworks acquired in recent years have been generated by the City's Percent for Art to Provide and Encourage Art in Public Areas Policy. This public art data-set is a work-in-progress. There is more to come.
DNR Statewide Vendors for Financial Reporting
AFRS vendors used by DNR for financial accounting/reporting purposes.   DNR = WA Dept of Natural Resources  AFRS = WA State Agency Financial Reporting System.
Número De Validaciones De Cada Usuario Por Estación
Historio desde el año 2014 hasta mayo de 2019 del número de validaciones de cada usuario por estación de transporte masivo SITM del Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Child Care Directory
A listing of all currently active daycares and the details of their licence.
Conservation Reserve Program Acre Contract Expirations By County Utah 2015-2029.xlsx
United States Department of Agriculture Conservation Reserve Program acres by County in Utah for 2015-2029.  The Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) is a cost-share and rental payment program under the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and is administered by the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA). NRCS's natural resources conservation programs help people reduce soil erosion, enhance water supplies with groundwater recharge, improve water quality, increase wildlife habitat, and reduce damages caused by floods and other natural disasters. The CRP encourages farmers to convert highly erodible cropland or other environmentally sensitive acreage to vegetative cover, such as cultivated or native bunch grasses and grasslands, wildlife and pollinators food and shelter plantings, windbreak and shade trees, filter and buffer strips, grassed waterways, and riparian buffers.
DGS Energy Competition FY12-FY15: State Agency Energy Consumption Annual Totals
To substantially reduce energy costs and consumption by State government, an energy/electricity competition was established in 2011 between the 16 largest energy-using agencies. Each agency's consumption of electricity (kWh) and total energy (MMBTU) from significant facilities is monitored in relation to a baseline year of FY 2008. Significant facilities are those that have been occupied by the State since 2008 and are air-conditioned.  				  An overall goal  is set for State agencies to reduce energy/electricity consumption by 15% by 2015 to Lead By Example.     The Fiscal Year (FY) 2013 runs from July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2013. The Fiscal Year 2014 runs from July 1, 2013 through June 30, 2014. The Fiscal Year 2015 runs from July 1, 2014 through June 30, 2015.
Coal Production And Number Of Mines By State And Mine Type T2.6 2011
Coal Production And Number Of Mines By State And Mine Type T2.6 2011
USPTO - Trademark first action compliance rate (percent)
This measure is the percentage of applications reviewed meeting the criteria for decision making conducted on random sample of applications including first office actions to determine the soundness of decision-making under the Trademark Act.
Treasury Contracts - FY 2019
This report provides contracting information for the State Treasurer's office for Fiscal Year 2019. For more information go to: https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx
SURAMERICANA - ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN
Activos de información SURAMERICANA
MinTic- Estudio de identificación de brechas de capital humano para el sector TIC (Slide 4)
Identificación brecha demanda de programas de formación utilizando fuentes secundarias (bases de datos de instituciones de educación superior en: Antioquia, Atlántico, Bogotá, Eje Cafetero, Santander y Valle del Cauca), en la que se establece la variación porcentual de estudiantes matriculados en el 2017 versus el 2018.  Teniendo en cuenta 23 programas educativos, que forman 46 cargos TIC (catalogados como críticos, de alta demanda y de alta rotación) referidos por 149 empresas ubicadas en:  Antioquia, Atlántico, Bogotá, Eje Cafetero, Santander y Valle del Cauca.
2016 Shared Savings Program (SSP) Accountable Care Organizations (ACO) PUF
2016 SSP ACO PUF - To address the increasing number of requests for SSP ACO data, the Centers for Medicare (CM) has created a standard analytical file that CMS can use to efficiently satisfy these requests. It is the intent of CM to publish the ACO-level public-use file (PUF) that contains ACO-specific metrics as well as summarized beneficiary and provider information for each performance year of the SSP program.
USA SPENDING C&P B104 PENSION FOR NON-SERVICE CONNECTED FOR VETERANS OCT2018
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to assist wartime veterans in need whose non-service- connected disabilities are permanent and total preventing them from following a substantially gainful occupation. A Veteran who meets the wartime service requirements is potential eligible if he/she is: • permanently and totally disabled for reasons not necessarily due to service, • age 65 or older, or • is presumed to be totally and permanently disabled for pension purposes because: o he/she is a patient in a nursing home for long-term care due to a disability, or o being disabled, as determined by the Commissioner of Social Security (SS) for purposes of any benefits administered by the Commissioner, such as SS disability benefits or Supplemental Security Income. Income restrictions are prescribed in 38 U.S.C. 1521. Pension is not payable to those whose estates are so large that it is reasonable they use the estate for maintenance. A Veteran meets wartime service requirements if he/she served: • a total of 90 days or more during one or more periods of war; • 90 or more consecutive days that began or ended during a period of war; or • for any length of time during a period of war if he/she was discharged or released for a service-connected disability. Veterans entering service after September 7, 1980, must also meet the minimum active duty requirement of 24 months of continuous service or the full period to which the Veteran was called to active duty. (38 U.S.C.5303(A)).</p>
NJDOC Active Inmate Data 2018
Statistical information of the New Jersey state inmate population as of January 1, 2018
Early Voting Locations - 2016 November 8 Presidential General Election
This dataset details the hours and locations for early voting for those living in suburban Cook County for the November 8, 2016 Presidential General Election. For more information on Early Voting see http://www.cookcountyclerk.com/elections/earlyvoting/Pages/default.aspx .
2017 5 Year Race Ethnicity
5 year race and ethnicity data for tracts in Hamilton County. Data from ACS.
FY19 MWBE Gender & Ethnicity Report
This dataset shows the breakdown of City of Memphis FY19 spend with minority and women owned business enterprises (MWBEs) by gender and ethnicity.
Indice eficiencia interna 2018 - Basica Secundaria
Este conjunto de datos representa la APROBACIÓN, REPROBACIÓN, DESERCIÓN en las instituciones publicas en el año 2018.    Fuente: Coordinación de educación.
Zip Codes and Post Offices
A listing of NJ zip codes, post offices and substations.
GRADUADOS 2017-1, 2017-2, Y 2018-1 ESCUELA NACIONAL DEL DEPORTE
Número de Graduados de los programas académicos de pregrado y postgrado durante los períodos 2017-1, 2017-2 y 2018-1
Art Bank Collection
Description of the Provincial Art Bank Collection, includes Accession Number, Title, Date, Artist, Name Last and First, Size and Medium
Principales causas de morbilidad atendidas en el I Trimestre del 2020 en la ESE Hospital Regional de Chiquinquirá
El siguiente conjunto de datos presenta las principales causas de morbilidad atendidas en los servicios de consulta externa, hospitalización y urgencias en la E.S.E. Hospital Regional de Chiquinquirá en el primer trimestre del año 2020
Traffic Signal Inventory - Heads (Displays) Detail
Detailed information about traffic signal pedestrian and vehicular heads and the display indications, such as “Walk/Don’t Walk”, “Pedestrian Countdowns”, “Red Ball, Amber Ball, Green Ball, Turn Indications”, etc.  Includes direction accommodated by the vehicular or pedestrian display.  Signal Location Number is based on general point location data from the Traffic Signals Inventory – Locations.   Point data in dataset maps to the specific pole location that supports these components. This data may change periodically. Parent Component ID maps to Traffic Signal Inventory – Poles and Arms Detail dataset.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Grandparents Living with Grandchildren Under 18 Years by Responsibility for Grandchildren
This table shows the number of grandparent 30 years or older living with own grandchildren under 18 years in households by responsibility for grandchildren with or without a parent present. Additionally, it breaks down grandparents living with and those responsible for their grandchildren without a parent present by age group.   Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B10051.
Clean Fuels 2018 comments
DEQ invites you to comment on proposed rules to the Clean Fuels 2018. Please note that all information provided when commenting will display below and becomes public record.
Bronx State Senate
Central points of Bronx State Senate districts including senator and website information
Measuring Impact of Stabilization Initiatives Survey Data (MISTI), Survey-response data
This MISTI survey data file contains the combined response data from five semi-annual iterations of surveys conducted from September 2012 through November 2014 to determine whether USAID project activities caused changes in stability and resilience at the district and village levels. For the five waves of surveys, each of which was conducted over several months, a total of 190,264 individual interviews were undertaken in 5,093 different villages across 130 districts of the 23 provinces where stabilization initiatives were being implemented or considered. These data were compiled into one file to facilitate easy access for international development practitioners, researchers and other interested parties in accordance with the USAID's Open Data Policy. As part of this process, village names and locations have been replaced with unique village identifiers to ensure the safety of Afghan stakeholders. This preserves a researcher's ability to access granular data and see trends at the village-level, but prevents data consumers from attributing responses to a named Afghan village. The datasets supplied here are in CSV format. These data were analyzed for the MISTI impact evaluation of USAID stabilization programming in Afghanistan, 2012-2014. USAID/Afghanistan's MISTI ranks as the largest and most comprehensive trends analysis and impact evaluation of stabilization interventions that the U.S. Government has ever undertaken. It is also the only one to date to have been peer reviewed.
Intake
The intake data presented in this data reflects the cases brought in for review. Each row represents a potential defendant in a case.  Please use this link for more instructions and data glossary:  https://www.cookcountystatesattorney.org/resources/how-read-data
Invoice Payment Cycle Time
This is the time it takes to pay invoices.
Open Checkbook Data FY14
The City of Somerville uses this dataset to provide residents with information regarding local government spending.
Noaansf Ecohab Heterosigma Discreete Data
InPort Dataset ID: 17794 InPort Entity ID: 36787 Over one half of the worlds fish production for human consumption currently comes from aquaculture, while wild fisheries yields are either stable or declining. Recurring threats from the raphidophyte, Heterosigma akashiwo Hada (Sournia) have caused extensive damage ($2-6 million per episode) to wild and net-penned fish of Puget Sound, Washington, and are believed to be increasing in scope and magnitude in this region, and elsewhere in the world over the past two decades. The mechanism of H. akashiwo toxicity is not well understood. The toxic activity of H. akashiwo has been attributed to the production of reactive oxygen species, brevetoxin-like compound(s), excessive mucus, or hemolytic activity; however these mechanisms are not confirmed consistently in all fish-killing events or cultured strains. The difficulty of conducting research with active, toxin-producing field populations of H. akashiwo have resulted in conflicting findings from those obtained in lab culture studies, thereby limiting the ability of fish farmers to respond to these episodic blooms. Collaborators in this project are:  Vera Trainer (NWFSC), William Cochlan (San Francisco State University), Charles Trick (University of Western Ontario), and Mark Wells (University of Maine). The overall goal of this project is to identify the primary toxic element and the specific environmental factors that stimulate fish-killing H. akashiwo blooms, and thereby provide managers with the fundamental tools needed to help reduce the frequency and toxic magnitude of these harmful algal events. Studies to date have provided incomplete and conflicting observations on the mode of toxicity and the environmental stimulation of toxification. We propose a three-pronged approach to study the environmental controls of H. akashiwo growth and toxin production; laboratory culture experiments, field observations, and bottle and mesocosm manipulation experiments.The project objectives are to: 1. identify the element(s) of toxic activity (inorganic, organic, or synergistic) associated with blooms of H. akashiwo and the various cellular morphologies of this alga, 2. determine the environmental parameters that stimulate the growth success and expression of cell toxicity in the H. akashiwo populations of Puget Sound. Because previous studies have used H. akashiwo cultures with little or no toxic activity, our approach is to use a living laboratory to study H. akashiwo bloom ecology and toxicity using natural assemblages. Using a mobile lab at field sites where H. akashiwo cells are regularly found will enable us to fully characterize the toxic element(s) responsible for fish mortality, and the environmental factors influencing toxicity. Findings from annual field studies in June and two rapid response deployments during major bloom events will be confirmed using laboratory studies with fresh ( 6 mo. old) isolates. The expected results are: 1. determination of the key elements of toxicity of H. akashiwo, 2. characterization of the environmental variables that influence either the induction or depression of elements of toxic activity in H. akashiwo, 3. characterization of environmentally-induced metabolites corresponding to condition of toxin production (metabolomics) and 4. design of a strategy for realistic mitigation of H. akashiwo activities in Puget Sound, Washington. This is a stand-alone project funded for 3 years through the NOAA/NSF ECOHAB program.
EWDD - Youth Source Center Program Performance Outcomes
The YSC program, funded through the Workforce Investment Act (WIA), provides education and employment services to youth, ages 16-24 who are disconnected from education and/or employment.  Partnering with the Los Angeles Unified School District, the program seeks to reconnect youth with education and/or employment.  The YSC program also provides summer youth employment services to Angelenos.  Goals for the YSC program are established by the California Employment Development Department and the US Department of Labor.
Iowa Juvenile Detention Secure Placements
This dataset contains de-identified individual data for youth placed in a juvenile detention center in Iowa. The dataset includes information regarding age, gender, race/ethnicity, placement facility, month and year of release, and offense class and type. Please note that the Month of Release reflects the first day in the month the placement was released.
2006-2011 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results by Grade - Citywide - by Race-Ethnicity
New York City Results on the New York State English Language Arts (ELA) Tests, Grades 3 - 8  Notes:  As of 2006, the New York State Education Department expanded the ELA and mathematics testing programs to Grades 3-8. Previously, state tests were administered in Grades 4 and 8 and citywide tests were administered in Grades 3, 5, 6, and 7.  Starting in 2010, NYSED changed the scale score required to meet each of the proficiency levels, increasing the number of questions students needed to answer correctly to meet proficiency.  In 2007, the New York State Education Department updated its testing policy for English Language Learners: ELLs in an English Language School System for more than one year are required to take the ELA exam. Previously, ELLs in an English Language School System for less than 3 years were exempt from taking the ELA exam.
Eventos de notificación Secretaría de Salud - Municipio de Sopó año 2018
Eventos sobre diferentes casos presentados en el Municipio de Sopó para el año 2018 con respecto a afecciones de salud
IFA Home Buyers - Down Payment Assistance by Mortgage Program and County
This dataset includes all home buyers who purchased a home using down payment assistance with loan purchase date between July 1, 2016 and June 30,2018. The data includes Loan Purchase Date, Bond Series, Loan Amount and County.
Park Furniture
Sonoma County Regional Parks offers commemorative furniture for donors. This dataset shows current furniture status, as well as the honoree and plaque text.
Historic Recycling Tip Data (2017- April 2019)
Data Description: This data set contains records for recycling cart ‘tips.’ RFID tag readers record when a City of Cincinnati recycling cart is ‘tipped,’ meaning it is picked up/lifted by a recycling truck. The table contains all addresses in the City of Cincinnati and identifies addresses with a City of Cincinnati recycle bin, which are tracked by an RFIDTAG. The Cartlift field indicates how many time the recycling cart was ‘tipped’ in a given month.  Data Creation: Data generated by RFID tag readers when City of Cincinnati recycling cart is picked up/lifted by a recycling truck  Data Created By: Office of Environment and Sustainability  Refresh Frequency: Daily  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/gd3w-zpnu  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Campaign Finance - Contributions Dataset
This dataset lists all contributions and pledges received by candidates, officeholders and political committees on data files submitted per City Code Chapter 2-2-26.    For a complete listing of each column heading, please see the field listing here: http://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=262464
Sustainability (2010-2012)
Most indicators throughout Vital Signs are created by acquiring and analyzing data collected from governmental agencies for some public administration purpose, such as 311 calls or housing inspections. However, data from the United States Bureau of the Census remains the best source for demographic and socioeconomic indicators for neighborhoods. The Census Bureau collects a wide variety of information through administration of both the decennial Census and the annual American Community Survey (ACS).
Impulse Disorders
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Volunteers in Kansas City Metrowide
This dataset reports statistics on volunteers in the Kansas City metro area. The data is from the Census Bureau and Bureau of Labor Statistics.
acuerdos 2016
Acuerdos municipales aprobados por el Concejo Municipal de Carmen de Carupa en el año 2016
Evaluación de Tierras con fines Agrícolas para el cultivo de frijol voluble (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) semestre agrícola I, en el departamento de Cundinamarca. Escala 1:100.000. Diciembre 2018
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Cundinamarca a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 268 de 2016, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Gobernación de Cundinamarca. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de frijol voluble (Phaseolus vulgaris L.), semestre agrícola I.  Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de frijol voluble.
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Gender and Age
Veterans by Gender and Age categories.  Veterans: Civilians who have served (even for a short time), but are not currently serving, on active duty in the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard, or who served in the U.S. Merchant Marine during World War II. People who served in the National Guard or Reserves are classified as veterans only if they were ever called or ordered to active duty. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Municipio de Victoria Caldas
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Victoria Caldas.
Nova Scotia Government Employee Absenteeism
Absences reported by employees during the 2014-2015 to 2019-2020 fiscal year periods, by absence date, absence type category, absence type, absence hours, employee type, gender, and age cohort on absence date
LAP Visits - Chart View
Leisure Access Pass measures the number of Leisure Access Pass scans.
2014 Search And Rescue Costs 1998-2014
This data set contains search and rescue costs by county from 1998-2014 as reported in the Annual Search and Rescue report.
Service Types
These are the service types and descriptions available in the 311 system.
Fort Collins Solar Installations
This includes all solar (photovoltaic) systems interconnected with Fort Collins Utilities distribution system and includes three fields: the date of service, system address, and solar system capacity (kilowatts-DC).
Wildfire Distribution (2008-2019) GIS
Fire perimeter data describes wildfire history from CAL FIRE (including timber fires 10 acres or greater, brush fires 30 acres and greater, and grass fires 300 acres or greater) and US Forest Service (10-acre minimum for fires since 1950). The fire perimeters dataset contains separate polygons for each burn occurrence. Fire frequency data for 2000-2016 was pulled directly from CalFire annual reports. CalFire data for 2017 and 2018 was compiled using their ongoing reporting of large fires.
WEBS Vendors by commodity code and MWBE/V/Small status
Active WEBS vendors who have chosen to share their information for potential partnering opportunities. Includes contact information, city, state and MWBE, vet, small status
Broadband Adoption and Infrastructure by Congressional District
Key indicators of broadband adoption, service and infrastructure in New York City by Congressional District</p> <b>Data Limitations:</b> Data accuracy is limited as of the date of publication and by the methodology and accuracy of the original sources.  The City shall not be liable for any costs related to, or in reliance of, the data contained in these datasets.
Variation of Temperature in Incubation System Following Pump Failure Trough 3 Incubators 1 and 17
InPort Dataset ID: 30878 InPort Entity ID: 37553 Trough 3, Incubators 1 and 17.
All Permitted Sales Tax Locations and Local Sales Tax Responsibility
This file includes all sales tax outlets, and local tax responsibility, in Texas which have been active during the last four years. Inactive outlets will include an Out-of-Business date.
Solar On City Facilities
Austin Energy has installed solar projects on municipal facilities such as City Hall, libraries, and recreation centers to increase public awareness about solar power and demonstrate the effectiveness of this technology. View the location name, address, year installed, and system size in kW. Go to austinenergy.com/go/solar to learn more about solar solutions from Austin Energy. Please note that this data set is no longer updated and should be considered static.
Presidentes de juntas de la ciudad de Pereira
Directorio de los presidentes de las juntas de acción comunal de la ciudad de Pereira
RSBS SMO: Part 1 of 2, New York State Residential Statewide Baseline Study: Single and Multifamily Occupant Telephone or Web Survey
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  This is part 1 (contains: Behavior and Demographics; Building Shell; Kitchen Appliances; and Heating and Cooling) of 2; part 2 (https://data.ny.gov/d/87mp-9bnv) contains: Clothes Washing and Drying; Water Heating; Home Lighting; Pool and Spa; Small Household Appliances; and Miscellaneous Equipment.  The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), in collaboration with the New York State Department of Public Service (DPS), conducted a statewide residential baseline study (study) from 2011 to 2014 of the single-family and multifamily residential housing segments, including new construction, and a broad range of energy uses and efficiency measures. This dataset includes 2,982 single-family and 379 multifamily occupant survey completes for a total of 3,361 responses. The survey involved 2,285 Web, 1,041 telephone, and 35 mini-inspection surveys. The survey collected information on the following building characteristics: building shell, kitchen appliances, heating and cooling equipment, water heating equipment, clothes washing and drying equipment, lighting, pool and spa equipment, small household appliances, miscellaneous energy consuming equipment, as well as behaviors and characteristics of respondents.
Estado civil admitidos 2019-1
Estado civil de los estudiantes admitidos al periodo 2019-1
Instituciones Educativas publicas Rovira Tolima
Instituciones Educativas publicas del municipio de Rovira Tolima
Electronic Police Report 2018
All Police Reports filed by NOPD officers including incident and supplemental reports containing the item number, location, disposition, signal, charges, offender race, offender gender, offender age, victim age, victim gender, and victim race. Police Reports can be updated when subsequent information is determined as a result of an investigation. In order to protect the privacy of victims, addresses are shown at the block level.    Disclaimer: The New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information. The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. For instance, the data contains ages that may be negative due to data entry errors. NOPD has chosen to publish the data as it exists in the source systems for transparency and has instituted data validation where appropriate to ensure quality data in the future. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
San Mateo County Trash Per Person Per Capita
Calculation of trash per capita per day generated by San Mateo County
FIN Public Records Requests Summary
Data to track the number of public records requested, closed, request process speed and total number of hours that County staff spent on public records requests.
DSS Township Counts - by Gender - CY 2015
DSS CY 2015 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2015, by township and gender. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
CATASTRO DE USUARIOS FACTURACIÓN 2017
Usuarios registrados en la base de datos de la Unidad de Servicios Públicos beneficiados de los servicios de acueducto, alcantarillado y aseo en el Municipio de Sutamarchán.
Police - Motor Vehicle Citations
** Please note: As of February 6, 2019, we are having a data connection issue. This dataset is not updating daily. We hope to have daily updates running again soon. **   Citations filed since 2010.
Tacoma Fire Department - Neighborhood Council Incidents Table
2019 year to date data summarized by Neighborhood Council and general type of service request.  Refreshed monthly.
Addresses - Enterprise Addressing System
Active base addresses from San Francisco's Enterprise Addressing System (EAS). This dataset does not include sub-addresses, such as units, and does not include a block/lot value for each record.  For units and block/lot values, see the "Addresses with Units - Enterprise Addressing System" dataset.
Suicidios Según Hora De Ocurrencia 1994 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados las Muertes por Causa Externa por Suicidios según la hora de ocurrencia de los hechos para los años 1994 al 2017
Consumer Complains to FCC from Utah Citizens
This data set contains Individual informal consumer complaint data detailing complaints filed with the Consumer Help Center beginning October 31, 2014 from citizens of Utah. This data represents information selected by the consumer. The FCC does not verify the facts alleged in these complaints.
Performance Metrics - Public Health - Lead Inspections Performed
To combat lead poisoning through the Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention and Healthy Homes Program, the Chicago Department of Public Health (CDPH) works to enforce city and state laws regarding lead paint by dispatching building inspectors to identify lead hazards in homes and apartments and hold property owners accountable for making repairs required by law.  This metric tracks the total number of initial lead inspections CDPH performs per month.  The performance goal is 100 inspections per month.  For more information about CDPH’s lead poisoning prevention programs, or to report elevated blood lead levels, see the Environmental Health Division at http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/cdph/provdrs/environ_health.html
Queen Anne's County Operating Revenue
Queen Anne's County Operating Revenue - July 1, 2005 through May 21, 2018
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Dwelling Characteristics
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
Evaluación de Tierras con fines Agrícolas para el cultivo de Caña panelera (Saccharum officinarum L.), en el departamento de Nariño.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicaciónde la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Nariño a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 222 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Universidad de Nariño. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de caña panelera. Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de caña panelera.
DOF: Cooperative Comparable Rental Income – Bronx – FY 2009/2010
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
Summer Meal Programs – Seamless Summer Option (SSO) – Contacts and Program Participation – Program Period 2017
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains <b>contact and program participation information for each site participating in the Seamless Summer Option (SSO) for summer 2017 (SNP program year 2016-2017).</b> Summer meal programs operate mid-May through the end of August. <p>  For data on sites participating in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP), please refer to the Summer Meal Programs – Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) – Contact and Program Participation datasets available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal. <p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by July 15 of the active program period. Due to the short duration of the summer meal programs, dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program period. After 90 days from the close of the program period, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program period before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.<P>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP), and summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>
Open Budget Revenue
Colorado Springs Open Budget Revenue  Monthly export from the City's Enterprise Resource Planning system.
DOP Juvenile Investigations by Fiscal Year
The number of presentence investigation reports completed for juveniles during the reporting period.
Whole Person Care Emergency Room Utilization
Use of emergency room medical services by Whole Person Care-enrolled beneficiaries.
Barrios, Veredas y Centros poblados de la Alcaldia Municipal de Aguazul
Información Básica de los Barrios, Veredas y Centros Poblados del Municipio de Aguazul
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Population by Gender by Age, by City
Gender by Age by City, San Diego County. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B01001.
Care 4 Kids Total Families Served FY 2011
Care 4 Kids unduplicated total families served in State Fiscal Year 2011. Care 4 Kids helps low to moderate income families in Connecticut pay for child care costs. This program is sponsored by the State of Connecticut’s Department of Social Services
Gonorrhea
Data on annual gonorrhea rates (per 100,000 residents) for San Bernardino County, California, and the United States. Each row represents annual gonorrhea rate data for the specified geographic area.
2006 - 2012  Math Test Results  - All Students
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of math for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by school.
Cantidad de cupos por programa ofertado 1-2019
Cantidad de cupos por programa ofertado para el primer semestre de 2019 para la UPTC
Rent Price (CV)
American Community Survey data collected at LA County tract level. Date Range: 2010-2015. Updated Annually. The median value of gross rent prices in an area, measured in dollars
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Asian/Pacific Islander (API) Population: Number
This indicator shows the number of persons in each of the API races. *Note: These numbers may include Hispanic and Non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islanders.  Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B02015, B02016.
2020 State Expenditures as of COB July 13, 2020
Financial data relating to the purchases of goods and services by the state as well as financial disbursements through various state programs as of COB July 13, 2020.
Consumer Confidence Report
Public Drinking Water Branch Consumer Confidence Reports
WAT Maintenance and Equipment Reimbursement 2015
Data set provides the total amount of money paid per wheelchair accessible taxi for maintenance and equipment costs for the period 1/1/13-12/31/15. Owners were reimbursed for expenses related to ramps, axles, brakes and transmissions up to $3500.
Section T Credit
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
Grocery Stores in Los Angeles with Shopping Hours for Seniors
Many grocery stores have announced special shopping hours for seniors, individuals with disabilities and the immunocompromised. This dataset includes nearly 500 grocery stores in Los Angeles County – the state's most populous region – offering adjusted store hours for high-risk shoppers.
Bx311 Homeless Encampments
Homeless encampments in the Bronx 2010-current
Medicare Spending Per Beneficiary– National
The Medicare Spending Per Beneficiary (MSPB) Measure shows whether Medicare spends more, less, or about the same for an episode of care (“episode”) at a specific hospital compared to all hospitals nationally. An MSPB episode includes Medicare Part A and Part B payments for services provided by hospitals and other healthcare providers the 3 days prior to, during, and 30 days following a patient’s inpatient stay. This measure evaluates hospitals’ costs compared to the costs of the national median (or midpoint) hospital. This measure takes into account important factors like patient age and health status (risk adjustment) and geographic payment differences (payment-standardization). The numbers displayed here are: 1) the average MSPB measure for the nation; and 2) the national episode-weighted median MSPB amount used as the denominator in the calculation of each hospital's MSPB measure.
Certified Unified Program Agency (CUPA) business list
This list is updated monthly and provides a complete list of active and inactive hazardous material/waste (CUPA) regulated facilities.  Detailed site information can be found on the State’s Regulated Site Portal (https://siteportal.calepa.ca.gov/), which includes inspection findings , violations and site condition reports related to hazardous materials and waste, state and federal cleanups, impacted ground and surface waters, and toxic materials.  It is maintained by California Environmental Protection Agency.  If further details are needed for a particular facility, please make a file review request (https://ehesubmit.smchealth.org/servlet/guest?service=0&formId=88&saveAction=2&enterprise=9).
Median Earnings (Individuals) Data
Dataset showing the number and percent of individuals with earnings by sex and the median annual earnings for individuals with earned income.
División política y administrativa zona corregimientos y veredas  Municipio Guadalajara de Buga / Political and administrative division of corregimientos y veredas area Guadalajara de Buga Municipality
Información sobre las divisiones políticas de las zonas de corregimientos y veredas / Information about the political divisions of the corregimientos and sidewalks zones
TARIFAS DE ENERGÍA DICIEMBRE 2018 EDEQ
Tarifas de energía diciembre 2018 empresa de Energía del Quindío S.A ESP
Información clasificada y reservada Pereira
Es el inventario de la información pública generada por la Alcaldía de Pereira
Quindio. Deserción Escolar, Sector Oficial. Años 2014 - 2017
Deserción escolar en el sector publico, en el departamento del Quindío desde el 2014 al 2017
Contratación desde Noviembre a Diciembre de 2017 -Sujetos Control - Contraloría de Envigado
Datos de la contratación de los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Envigado de los meses desde Noviembre hasta Diciembre de 2017
Median Income by Tract - Year and Sex
Median annual income of full time employees by tract categorized by year and sex from 2011 - 2017. Data from ACS.
Presidentes de Juntas de acciones Comunales
Relacion de las Juntas de Acciones Comunales con sus respectivos Representantes Legales
Bills Signed By Governor Brown 2016
Bills Signed By Governor Brown 2016
MORTALIDAD MATERNA RESTREPO
indices de mortalidad materna en restrepo
Esquema de publicación en página web institucional Alcaldía Municipal de Villanueva La Guajira
Este esquema presenta las principales secciones donde se encuentra alojada la información en la página para conocimiento y acceso público, describiendo entre otras características el formato del documento, su frecuencia de actualización, y el área o dependencia responsable de su producción y actualización.
Right-of-Way Permits
Data Description: This data set contains all permits (including permit/project registration) in the right-of-way. Companies or individuals wishing to conduct activity or work in the right of way are required to get right-of-way permits: this includes but is not limited to emergency permits (for pipe breaks, gas line breaks, etc.), barricades, street opening/street cuts, revocable street privileges, and street paving. This data contains permits and construction registration from 2016 until present.  Data Creation: Right-of-Way permits in the City of Cincinnati are administered and monitored through the City's Department of Transportation & Engineering (DOTE). The Cincinnati Area Geographic Information System consortium (CAGIS) houses and maintains this dataset: content is input and updated by DOTE.  Data Created By: CAGIS  Refresh Frequency: Daily  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/Right-of-Way-Permits/d355-ittu/  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Monthly average retail prices for gasoline and fuel oil / Prix de détail moyens mensuels de l'essence et du mazout
Monthly average retail prices for gasoline and fuel oil / Prix de détail moyens mensuels de l'essence et du mazout
NYPL Branch Services - Manhattan
New York Public Library (NYPL) branch services from July 2010 to June 2011(Manhattan)
Number of Library Plans Completed
$2 million is available to support library facility remodels or design and/or fiscal and operating planning for new library facilities in East Palo Alto, North Fair Oaks, Pacifica, Half Moon Bay, and Daly City.
Programas de las Casas Distritales de Cultura
A continuación encontrarás la oferta de cursos disponibles en las casas distritales de cultura del Distrito de Barranquilla, la cual se encuentra publicada en el link www.meira-cdc.co para el registro a los programas debes ingresar al sitio web.
2012 Census - Population By Citizenship (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Total pago gas natural Alcaldía Municipal de chia 2018
Información estadística total pago gas natural Alcaldía Municipal de chia 2018
Vaccinations By School District And School Utah 2014
The Utah Department of Health collected vaccination data on kindergarteners at the beginning of the 2014-2015 school year.
154- FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 3.1
DOE Performance Metrics Objective 3.1- Percentage of intakes into forever homes and/or facilities, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Skate Parks
There are seven major skate parks in Canberra suitable for all levels of use, with a further 12 parks offering skate features. Canberra's skate parks are available for use by all skateboarders, cyclists, scooters, rollerbladers and roller skaters.
EMS - Top 10 Primary Impressions by Fiscal Year
This table shows the 10 primary impressions most frequently recorded by ATCEMS field personnel during the fiscal years shown.
Currently Licensed Real Estate Appraisers
This data contains information for all currently active Real Estate Appraiser licensees.  Each record will be for an individual licensee, and will contain their Name, Unique Identification Number, License Type, Original Certification Date, Current Certification and Expiration Dates, Reciprocal State (if any), the Name of the Business they are associated with, and the Business’s Address.
Comparendos de Transito Primer Trimestre del Año 2019 del Municipio de Candelaria
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados la estadística de comparendos de transito en el Primer trimestre del año.
Kindergarten Immunization Data, 2014-2015
Immunization status of Washington State kindergartners for school year 2014-15
Festividades de Ataco Tolima
Festividades del municipio de Ataco Tolima
HECTAREAS ESTABLECIDAS CON COBERTURAS PARA PROTECCION DE CAÑADAS Y AISLAMIENTO DE NACIMIENTOS
Consiste en la protección de fuentes de agua o nacimientos con el objetivo de mejorar las condiciones de producción de agua en cantidad y calidad, reducir o eliminar las probabilidades de contaminación y optimización de las condiciones de uso y manejo.
Gage Alerts Tally Sheet -- 5/14/2019 (confirmed 7/16/2019)
Gage alert sign-ups increased by 174% from 2014/15 flood season (379 sign-ups) to 2018/19 flood season (1,037 sign-ups).
Budget - Fiscal Year 2016 Executive Recommendation - Budget Summary Of Positions By Business Unit
Executive Recommendation for the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Summary of Positions by Business Unit. For more information on the budget and schedule of public hearings see http://www.cookcountyil.gov/budget/
Categorización De Victimas Del Conflicto Armado En El Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Año 2015
Categorización De Victimas Del Conflicto Armado En El Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Año 2015
MACRORUTAS DE RECOLECCIÓN Y TRANSPORTE
Macrorutas de recolección y transporte del servicio público de aseo de Empresas Varias de Medellín (Emvarias Grupo EPM)
OD0049 Revenue By Department - Budget Estimates And Forecasts
The Estimates of Revenue detail spending plans by the Government of Prince Edward Island to operate each department for the next fiscal year
ITA-Exports generated annually from public/private partnerships.
The indicator represents the dollar value of exports generated by Market Development Cooperator Program (MDCP) project activity. Through MDCP public/private partnerships, ITA provides technical and financial assistance to “cooperators” like trade associations and other non-profits. The elements of each project vary but examples include educating foreign authorities about industry standards, establishing product demonstration centers abroad, underwriting the cost of participation in foreign trade shows, and addressing non-tariff barriers to trade.
2015 West Coast Domoic Acid Event Fish Data
InPort Dataset ID: 30881 InPort Entity ID: 36783 Beginning in the spring of 2015 the US West Coast began to experience the most wide-spread toxic Pseudo-nitzschia bloom to date, after approximately eight years without a toxic bloom event. Some species of Pseudo-nitzschia produce the neurotoxin domoic acid, which can have deleterious effects on marine wildlife (e.g. mammals and seabirds) as well as human consumers of food items (e.g. shellfish, crabs, sardines, anchovies) that are contaminated with the toxin. This multi-agency project aims to survey the bloom region, which stretches from southern California into the Gulf of Alaska, on the greatest spatial and temporal extent possible. Goals of the survey are to identify the extent of the bloom, the concentration of domoic acid in the bloom, the Pseudo-nitzschia species responsible for the toxicity, and the relationship of the bloom event to prevailing oceanographic and atmospheric conditions. The survey will allow for the creation of maps showing the spatial extent and concentrations of domoic acid, Pseudo-nitzschia, and oceanographic parameters such as temperature and salinity. The data collected from the survey will inform inferences as to the cause(s) of the toxic event. The effort will employ targeted research cruises, cruises of opportunity, and shore based sampling. Samples will be analyzed for marine toxins, harmful algal species, and other environmental and oceanographic parameters using state-of-the-art methodologies.
Science Festival Company Sponsors
The Austin Energy Regional Science Festival is one of the largest regional science festivals held in Texas and the nation. Middle and high school students who win at their respective schools compete at the regional festival to advance to the state science fair competition. Five senior level projects receive Best of Fair awards and the winners of those projects have the option to advance directly to the international competition.     Central Texas middle and high school students have performed very well at past state and international competitions. Between 2004 and 2016, 100 students representing 71 projects advanced to the international level. Of those, 44 students representing 29 projects won 73 category and special awards. Since 2004, more than 1,225 students have advanced to the state level, where about 20% have won awards.    In 2016, the Austin Energy Regional Science Festival showcased 755 middle and high school projects. Unlike most regional events, Austin Energy also hosts elementary school students.  Nearly 4,000 students and their families turn out for the event which includes a public viewing of the science projects as well as educational booths and scientific demonstrations.   Over 550 judges and 180 volunteers from the City of Austin, local businesses, colleges, and elementary/middle/high schools contribute annually to the event’s success. Revenues to fund the event come from fees paid by participating schools and companies that provide sponsorships.
Proved Reserves And Gross Production Of Natural Gas In Utah T4.2 1947-2012
Proved Reserves And Gross Production Of Natural Gas In Utah T4.2 1947-2012
Contracts: ESD: Harney: Fiscal Year 2013
Contracts for Harney ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
2013 Monthly KM's Driven By Asset Class And Department
Number of kilometers driven by fleet vehicles per month and department for 2013. The KM's driven data excludes all external clients (AHS and EPCOR) as well as ME4000 (self propelled equipment).
HUD System Performance Measures
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development requires communities to report performance measures for their Continuum of Care. Ramsey County's Continuum of Care is called Heading Home Ramsey. This data set is performance measures reported to HUD.
Beneficiarios de familias en Accion clasificados por grado de Escolaridad  del municipio de Tununguá- Boyacá
Encuentra la cantidad de niños clasificados por el grado escolar actual.
Building Permits Contacts
This data set pertains to contacts associated with building permits. Data includes application/permit numbers, contact name, address, and license numbers. Data is uploaded weekly by DBI. This data set is intended to be joined to the Building Permits data set. Users can access permit information online through DBI’s Permit Tracking System which is 24/7 at www.sfdbi.org/dbipts.
Levantamiento Topográfico vigencia 2016 Municipio de Chia
Información estadística del levantamiento Topográfico del Municipio de Chía  vigencia 2016
#1_SPP
# of children served by SPP
County Wide Water Consumption
Rolled up Countywide water consumption data from BAAWSCA
Traffic Services Maintenance - Striping, Signs, Signals, and Guardrail Maintenance
A letter grade is used to rate traffic services. This maintenance program ensures that stripes on traffic lanes are clearly marked, highway signs are visible, traffic signals are functioning properly and guardrails are intact and functioning.
Pets Saved
Pets Rescued/Returned measures the percentage of adoptable cats and dogs received by Animal Care & Control that are live-released - either by being returned to their owners, or transferred to other agencies for adoption.  This measure may exceed 100% if feral cats (which are not adoptable) are live-released to barn homes, natural areas, or cat sanctuaries.
DIRECTORIO ESTABLECIMIENTOS EDUCATIVOS SAN JUAN DE BETULIA
el siguiente documento relaciona el listado de os establecimientos educativos públicos del municipio de San Juan de Betulia.
NTIA - Percentage of NTIA positions substantially adopted or successful at international meetings.
Promote acceptance of U.S. positions and proposals internationally by representing U.S. interests at treaty-making conferences, regional communications conferences and meetings, bilateral and multilateral meetings, and multi-stakeholder meetings and conferences. This measure tracks the number of accepted U.S. technical and policy positions and proposals to international treaty-making conferences, bilateral and multi-lateral meetings, multi-stakeholder meetings, and regional communications conferences and meetings.
Acueductos Rurales del Municipio de Ortega Tolima
Información sobre los acueductos rurales del municipio de Ortega
OD0048 Revenue By Source - Budget Estimates And Forecasts
The Estimates of Revenue detail spending plans by the Government of Prince Edward Island to operate each department for the next fiscal year
Community Impact Board Funding 2011-2015
This data set contains funding by the Community Impact Board to counties for 2011-2015.
Statewide Delivery Stays Percent of Gestation Stages with or without Opioid Use 2016-2017 PA Health Care Cost Containment Council (PHC4)
Percent of Pennsylvania delivery hospital stays, categorized by the presence or absence of opioid use, that had reached specified gestation stages for the delivery stay.  Opioid use, or opioid use disorder, is a diagnosis indicating opioid dependence, abuse, or use. Some opioid drugs may be prescribed as part of medication-assisted treatment to relieve withdrawal symptoms and psychological cravings often associated with opioid use disorders.  Opioid use during pregnancy can lead to Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS) for newborns.  Gestation stages specify the number of weeks of gestation at the time of the delivery stay.  “Premature” indicates that the delivery stay is at 36 weeks or less of gestation, “Early Term” indicates that the delivery stay is at 37-38 weeks of gestation, and “Full Term or Longer” indicates that the delivery stay is at 39 weeks of gestation or longer.   This analysis is restricted to delivery hospital stays for Pennsylvania-state residents who were hospitalized in Pennsylvania hospitals.  Disclaimer: PHC4’s database contains statewide hospital discharge data submitted to PHC4 by Pennsylvania hospitals.  Every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information obtained from the Uniform Claims and Billing Form (UB-82/92/04) data elements. Computer collection edits and validation edits provide opportunity to correct specific errors that may have occurred prior to, during or after submission of data.  The ultimate responsibility for data accuracy lies with individual providers.  PHC4 agents and staff make no representation, guarantee, or warranty, expressed or implied that the data received from the hospitals are error-free, or that the use of this data will prevent differences of opinion or disputes with those who use published reports or purchased data.  PHC4 will bear no responsibility or liability for the results or consequences of its use.
Agencia de viajes y centros comerciales
Agencia de viajes y centros comerciales Neiva
Zoning Overlay
Zoning overlay polygons for unincorporated Pierce County as identified in the Pierce County comprehensive plan. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_zoning_overlay.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Northwest Atlantic Dogfish Stable Isotopes
InPort Dataset ID: 32323 InPort Entity ID: 36247 Chemical contamination analysis of Atlantic Dogfish.
CORPOBOYACA INDICE DE INFORMACION CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
INFORMACION CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA CORPORACION AUTONOMA REGIONAL DE BOYACA - CORPOBOYACA
Streets – Active and Retired
Street Centerlines, active and retired.
Independent Schools
The dataset contains locations and attributes of Independent Schools, created as part of the DC Geographic Information System (DC GIS) for the D.C. Office of the Chief Technology Officer (OCTO) and participating D.C. government agencies.
Directorio Institucional
Datos de contacto de la estructura administrativa de la Entidad Territorial
EMS - FY2017 Annual Report Safety Concerns
This table shows safety data for FY2017. It has been uploaded to support the ATCEMS FY2017 annual report.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Municipio de Ocaña, Norte de Santander
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Municipio de Ocaña, Norte de Santander.
Inversión por Comunas y Corregimientos de Medellín año 2014
Este instrumento permite conocer la distribución en la ejecución de la inversión social de la vigencia, en términos de ubicación geográfica. Se consolida de acuerdo con los reportes generados por cada despacho, sobre el cálculo de los recursos destinados a inversión, que fueron debidamente ordenados (facturados o pagados) según cifras oficiales reportadas por la Secretaría de Hacienda con corte a 31 de diciembre de cada vigencia, en concordancia con los proyectos ejecutados en cada una de estas subdivisiones territoriales, según su ubicación por comunas y corregimientos.
Production Of Metals In Utah T9.1 1865-2012
Production Of Metals In Utah T9.1 1865-2012
CONSOLIDADO  EDUCACION 2017 - Planadas, Tolima
Consolidado estadístico general 2017 - Núcleo de desarrollo educativo n° 58, Planadas  - Tolima
Other Shooting Incidents 2010 to Present
Animal Shooting, Other Shooting, Unintentional Discharge Shooting, Warning Shot
Expenditures: ESD: South Coast: Fiscal Year 2013
Expenditures for South Coast ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
Residential Impact Tax for Rockville
Impact Taxes for residential permits in the City of Rockville. Update Frequency : Daily
Construction Projects Bid Price History
Historical pricing for items of work performed on low-bid construction projects
Cifras de Empleo y Formación para el Trabajo Alcaldía de Pereira
cifras de vacantes de empleos, personas contratadas, personas capacitadas y servicios atendidos por en centro de empleo de la alcaldía de Pereira
TARIFAS
TARIFAS  DICIEMBRE 2019
Oportunidad de Asignación De Citas Octubre 2019
Este conjunto de datos muestra la oportunidad de asignación de citas de la E.S.E. Hospital San Rafael de Tunja
Farm Products Master List
The list includes only farm product liens that have not lapsed - ORS 80.118. To access liens up to one year past the lapse date, use the UCC Seach: https://secure.sos.state.or.us/ucc/searchHome.action
Indice de información clasificada y reservada municipio de Mesetas Meta
El Índice de información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada
Families Paying More Than 30% of Income in Housing Costs
Tenure by Housing Costs as a Percentage of Household Income in the Past 12 Months  County and State values are from the ACS 1 Year Survey  (B25106_001E,B25106_006E,B25106_010E,B25106_014E,B25106_018E,B25106_022E,B25106_028E,B25106_032E,B25106_036E,B25106_040E,B25106_044E)
Point Time Count
Point in Time Count Numbers for 2007 to 2018 from HUD, which counts the number of people experiencing homelessness at the federal, state, and local level.  https://www.hudexchange.info/resource/5783/2018-ahar-part-1-pit-estimates-of-homelessness-in-the-us/
2001 Election Results
Election results for the 2001 Strathcona County municipal elections. Results include all positions and all voting stations.
Public Health Statistics- Life Expectancy By Race Ethnicity
This dataset gives the average life expectancy and corresponding confidence intervals for sex and racial-ethnic groups in Chicago for the years 1990, 2000 and 2010.  See the full description at:   https://data.cityofchicago.org/api/views/3qdj-cqb8/files/pJ3PVVyubnsS2SpGO5P5IOPtNgCJZTE3LNOeLagC3mw?download=true&filename=P:\EPI\OEPHI\MATERIALS\REFERENCES\Life Expectancy\Dataset description_LE_ Sex_Race_Ethnicity.pdf
Buildings by Borough and Community District
Displays the total number of shelter buildings by borough and community district
Cook County Clerk - Polling Place Locations - 2014 November 4 Gubernatorial Election
Data Updated 10/27/2014. This dataset contains the Polling Place locations in suburban Cook County for the 2014 Gubernatorial Election on November 4. For more information on Polling Locations see http://www.cookcountyclerk.com/elections/pollinglocations/Pages/default.aspx
DOF: Condominium Comparable Rental Income – Bronx – FY 2011/2012
Condominiums and cooperatives are valued as if they were residential rental apartments. Income information from similar rental properties is applied to determine value.  The Department of Finance (DOF) chooses similar properties to value condos and coops. Properties are selected based on a combination of factors such as: land location, income levels, building age and construction and exemptions and subsidies.  Update Schedule: Annually
2012 Census - Population By Mode Of Transportation (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Projects Conducted Under Research Data Use Agreements (DUAs)
Data as of July 13, 2020. CMS makes data files available to researchers as allowed by federal laws and regulations as well as CMS policy. CMS enters into Data Use Agreements (DUAs) with data requesters for disclosures of protected health information (PHI) and/or personally identifiable information (PII) to ensure that data requesters adhere to CMS privacy and security requirements and data release policies. This report lists all research projects that received a DUA. The report includes organization, project title, category, and close date. This report is updated quarterly.
Code Compliance Violations by Year
Code Compliance violations by type per year. Sort the Year column by descending order to see the most recent years.
Presidentes Junta de Accion Comunal del Municipio-2
Información Básica de los presidentes de juntas de accion comunal del municipio de cumaral meta.
Instituciones Educativas No Oficiales Armenia
Publicación de las instituciones educativas no oficiales de la ciudad de Armenia habilitada al año 2018
Parks Communication - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the first October  2014 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=109&t=1. Open from Oct 13 - 21, 2014. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1639 Insight Community Members. 898 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 55%. A total of 1146 respondents completed the survey: 898 Insight Community Members and 248 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Historico Icfes Instituciones Educativas Puerres Nariño
Historico Icfes Instituciones Educativas Puerres Nariño
Population (CV)
American Community Survey data collected at Riverside County Census Tract and Place level. Date Range: 2010-2016. Updated Annually.
TIF Status and Eligibility
Total number of TIF districts with creation and end dates, and summary of eligibility factors.
Charitable Organizations’ Offices in Colorado
Charitable organizations data consisting of mailing address, phone, fax, website of organization's offices in Colorado. Data collected by the Colorado Department of State's Charities Program.
Youth Behavior Risk Survey
Summary results from YRBS 2011, 2013   Source: Youth Risk Behavior Survey (2011, 2013)     Data are weighted to the NYC public high school student population   Data prepared by Bureau of Epidemiology Services, New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, April 2016    The NYC Youth Risk Behavior Survey (YRBS) is conducted through an ongoing collaboration between the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH), the Department of Education (DOE), and the National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The New York City's YRBS is part of the CDC's National Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System (YRBSS). The survey's primary purpose is to monitor priority health risk behaviors that contribute to the leading causes of mortality, morbidity, and social problems among youth in New York City. For more information see EpiQuery, https://a816-healthpsi.nyc.gov/epiquery/YRBS/yrbsIndex.html.
Histórico de licencias de urbanismo y construcción nuevas aprobadas en Sabaneta
Conozca la información histórica del número de licencias de urbanismo y construcción aprobadas año a año en el municipio de Sabaneta  Conozca estadísticas, indicadores y mapas sobre Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Iowa Aging Services Consumer Counts by Fiscal Year, Age Group, and Service
Data provides consumer counts for services provided to aging citizens of Iowa funded through federal and state programs starting in 2009 and is updated annually.  It includes breakdowns for gender, race and ethnicity, those in rural areas and designated as being in poverty.
Mintic- Estudio de identificación de brechas de capital humano para el sector TIC (Slide 7)
Identificación brecha de calidad sobre 373 cargos TIC (referidos por 149 empresas ubicadas en:  Antioquia, Atlántico, Bogotá, Eje Cafetero, Santander y Valle del Cauca)
Suffrage in Nova Scotia: Making our Mark
A fully searchable database containing 3865 names of Nova Scotian women and men that signed 18 petitions calling for the franchise to vote be extend to women the same as men in 1918.
Temporary Art Program
DOT Art collaborates with community-based organizations to commission artists to design and install temporary art on DOT property.
Publicaciones web
Se presenta la información publicada en el portal web del municipio de Pinchote Santander
MATRICULAS INICIALES POR MARCA 1ER SEMESTRE 2018
Cantidad de matrículas iniciales por marca del 1er semestre 2018 en el Municipio de Copacabana
Vital Signs: Daily Miles Traveled - by county (per-capita)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Daily Miles Traveled (T15)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Per-capita vehicle miles traveled    LAST UPDATED  July 2017    DESCRIPTION  Daily miles traveled, commonly referred to as vehicle miles traveled (VMT), reflects the total and per-person number of miles traveled in personal vehicles on a typical weekday. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional and county tables for per-capita vehicle miles traveled.    DATA SOURCE  California Department of Transportation: California Public Road Data/Highway Performance Monitoring System  2001-2015  http://www.dot.ca.gov/hq/tsip/hpms/datalibrary.php    California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates  Forms E-8 and E-5  2001-2015  http://www.dof.ca.gov/research/demographic/reports/estimates/e-8/  http://www.dof.ca.gov/research/demographic/reports/estimates/e-5/2011-20/view.php    U.S. Census Bureau: Summary File 1  2010  http://factfinder2.census.gov    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Vehicle miles traveled reflects the mileage accrued within the county and not necessarily the residents of that county; even though most trips are due to local residents, additional VMT can be accrued by through-trips. City data was thus discarded due to this limitation and the analysis only examine county and regional data, where through-trips are generally less common.    The metropolitan area comparison was performed by summing all of the urbanized areas within each metropolitan area (9-nine region for the San Francisco Bay Area and the primary MSA for all others). For the metro analysis, no VMT data is available outside of other urbanized areas; it is only available for intraregional analysis purposes.    VMT per capita is calculated by dividing VMT by an estimate of the traveling population. The traveling population does not include people living in institutionalized facilities, which are defined by the Census. Because institutionalized population is not estimated each year, the proportion of people living in institutionalized facilities from the 2010 Census was applied to the total population estimates for all years.
Post Distribution Monitoring Data Set I for Emergency Food Security Program in Eswatini, 2018
The post distribution monitoring (PDM) surveys relate to household food security and the role of food assistance in achieving household food security. The survey asked how beneficiaries use food assistance transfers, whether that usage is consistent with the way in which the project  was designed. Through an accountability mechanism, the beneficiaries could also speak to challenges and provide feedback.
Debt Reported by Candidates and Political Committees
This dataset contains debts, obligations, and orders placed by Washington State Candidates and Political committees for the last 10 years as reported to the PDC on Schedule B to the C4 Summary Report.    Loans are not included in this dataset. Loans, however, are a debt but are contained in the Loan dataset.    For candidates, the number of years is determined by the year of the election, not necessarily the year the expenditure was reported. For political committees, the number of years is determined by the calendar year of the reporting period.    Candidates and political committees choosing to file under "mini reporting" are not included in this dataset. See WAC 390-16-105 for information regarding eligibility.    This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.    Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.    CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See  RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
Parks
This inventory was set up to fulfill the request of the City auditors for a description of all city property. It has been modified to include information useful to the Department of Recreation and Parks.
Utah Poverty Rates By State 2007
Utah Poverty Rates By State 2007
ZONAS DIGITALES URBANAS EN FUNCIONAMIENTO
PROYECTO ZONAS DIGITALES URBANAS EN FUNCIONAMIENTO EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER_MINISTERIO DE TECNOLOGIAS DE LA INFORMACION Y COMUNICACIONES – MINTIC
North Fair Oaks Community Plan - Overall Project Status
One line item for tracking overall plan completeness.
Small Grant Projects Funded by the Developmental Disabilities Planning Council:  Beginning 2004
Dataset includes general information about every grants project funded by the NYDDPC from 2004 to present
Utah 1st Congressional District Population, Employment, Education Statistics 2014
Utah First Congressional District Population, Employment, Education Statistics from the American Community Survey
311 Service Requests for 2009
All 311 Requests from year 2009. This is historical data and will not be updated.</br>
Reported Sewer Overflows
Reported sewer overflows from January 2005 through December 22, 2016.  Although MDE requires that all public sewer system owners or operators report overflows to us, there may be incidents that were not reported. Note that overflow amounts provided by the person reporting the overflow may be estimated using best professional judgment or they may be actual readings from flow measurement devices when available.      Penalty information started during 2013.
American Community Survey 1-Year Estimates
DO NOT EDIT THIS DATASET.  This dataset, which is automatically updated contains American Community Survey 1-Year Estimates. This dataset is updated by a Socrata process; please contact support@socrata.com if you encounter any questions or issues.
Public Asset Inventory
Powers Open Ramsey County performance measures.
2017-2021 Council And Committee Meetings - Agenda Items
Lists the Agenda Items for Council and Committee meetings.  The agenda is usually published on the Thursday prior to the meeting.  Statutory Public Hearings (Land Use) agendas are available 3 weeks prior to the meeting.  (Information Subject to Change. While every effort is taken to ensure its accuracy, the data presented here is for informational purposes only.  The official record of the Council and Committee meetings shall be the Agendas, Minutes and supporting documents approved by and filed with the City Clerk.)
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2020 - Parking
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020.
Comparative analysis of health care changes between 2012 and 2015
Compares health coverage, medicaid coverage, and IHS access in top 20 most populous AIAN states, which comprise 93% of total AIAN population.
Teacher Experience
The measurement is percent of teachers who were paid on salary steps 1-5 at OUSD schools (data from charters and private schools were not available). Salary steps are a proxy for teaching experience, as teachers move one step up the salary schedule for each year of teaching. In theory, teachers on salary steps 1-5 have between 1-5 years of teaching experience (not just in OUSD, but anywhere). However, it is important to note that salary steps are just a proxy and not always exactly equal to years of teaching experience.  Percents are then calculated at the school level by dividing the number of teachers on salary steps 1-5 by the total number of teachers at that school. Schools are placed into groups based on the racial and ethnic breakdown of their student population (see note below data table for full explanation of grouping). Average percent of teachers on salary steps 1-5 is then calculated for each group of schools.
Department of Environmental Health - Performance
This data is the summary-level composite for DEH's performance metrics on performance.sandiegocounty.gov
General Fund Expenditures By Category 1996 To 2012
County general fund expenditures by major category by year.  Actual data for 1996 to 2010.  2011 is estimated as of August, 2011.  2012 is preliminary as of August, 2011.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada 2020  ESP
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada 2020  Empresa de Servicios Públicos ESP
Farmer's Markets
Farmers markets in the County of San Diego (updates daily).
2017 - Residential Energy Tax Credit Program
For more information go to: For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/expenditures.aspx#Energy_Related_-_Tax_Expenditures_. For questions regarding the Residential Energy Tax Credit Program, please contact: Rachel Wray, Oregon Department of Energy.
Health_5600P_% of 911 Heart Conditions Receiving Care at a STEMI Center_EMS2A
Percent of all 9-1-1 Patients with a Heart Condition Who Receive Care at a STEMI Receiving Center in Les than 90 Minutes
Sonoma County Sheriff's Office Incident Data
Sheriff’s incident reports are generated after either of two events 1) a citizen has reported an event/crime and a deputy has substantiated that a report is necessary or 2) a deputy has witnessed an event/crime in progress. These incident reports represent a wide spectrum of law enforcement activity from informational reports to serious crime reports. For more information about this dataset please go to the About button and click on the Attachment. For an interactive map of this data, please visit: http://www.raidsonline.com/?address=4787%20Old%20Redwood%20Hwy%20Santa%20Rosa,%20CA.
Transparency – Utah Local Government Revenue 2018
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS164
Driver Feedback Sign DFS164    Latitude: 53.58744  Longitude: -113.50598    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
NY Clean Energy Dashboard Programs Progress and Plans: Beginning January 2016
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  This dataset contains program-level data from the New York State Clean Energy Dashboard (https://rev.ny.gov/cleanenergydashboard). The Clean Energy Dashboard aggregates budgets and benefits progress data across dozens of programs administered by NYSERDA and utilities. The Clean Energy Dashboard features most of the programs and initiatives that contribute significantly to New York State’s aggressive clean energy goals while tracking progress against both utilities’ and New York State’s targets.
Esquema de publicación de información 2019
El Esquema de publicación de información es el instrumento del que dispone la entidad para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3 de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma. Fue actualizado a 30 de Junio de 2019
1810P_Information Technology Administrative Services
Performance measures dataset
J.A.C. EL ESPINAL 2016-2021
Relación de presidentes de Junta Acción Comunal periodo (2016-2021) El Espinal-Tolima
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of May 2019.</p>
Storm Water Notices of Intent
Database of Notices of Intent (NOI) to apply for coverage under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) general permit for storm water discharges associated with construction activity. A record of planned construction activities that might cause storm water discharges.
Chambers Bay Property - Features
This data is used for locating specific assets on Chamber Bay Properties including the golf course & restaurant, park maintained trails and restrooms, and Sewer Division owned buildings and parking areas including the environmental services building and wastewater treatment plant.  All users should read the metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISMetadata/pdbsewr_ccp_features.html). Data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Muertes violentas según sexo. Colombia, comparativo 2018 y 2019 (enero-febrero)
Muertes violentas según sexo. Colombia: comparativo 2018 y 2019 (enero-febrero)
Fire Response - History
To provide a list of all fire events the Fire Response Group responded to in the last 182 days.
Morbilidad_I_Semestre_2019_HUEM
El término morbilidad se refiere a las enfermedades y dolencias en una población, se presenta aquellas que fueron atendidas a nuestros usuarios en el segundo semestre del 2018 en los diferentes servicios de la institución
Listado Sector Gastronómico Y Afrodescendiente
Listado Sector Gastronómico Y Afrodescendiente
Prestadores De Salud  Públicos Del Departamento Del  Valle Del Cauca  Año 2018
Prestadores De Salud  Públicos Del Departamento Del  Valle Del Cauca  Año 2018
QUINDÍO. SENA. Consolidado Atención Cobertura Geográfica Departamental. Años 2012 - 2017
Cobertura del SENA consolidada geográfica y por departamentos
Atenciones en la Comisaria de Familia de Tuluá
Cantidad de atenciones por género en la Comisaría de Familia del Municipio de Tuluá
Reunifications by SFY, DCF Office, Age at Exit and Length of Stay
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of children that exited DCF care to be Reunified with a parent/guardian from whom they had been removed.  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, by their Age Group, and by whether they had been Reunified within 12 months of their entry to care or not.  It would be appropriate to roll up the data from all variables across multiple time periods, as they represent specific events in the lives of these children.  Please note that these figures do not represent unique children, and so should not be used as the basis for creating a rate based on the child population of the state.  These data form the basis of measurement for the Juan F. Consent Decree Exit Plan Outcome #7: Reunification Within 12 Months, although those figures are reported to the DCF Court Monitor on a quarterly rather than annual schedule.
Plant Database Species In Utah
The PLANTS Database provides standardized information about the vascular plants, mosses, liverworts, hornworts, and lichens of the U.S. and its territories.
Impaired Driving Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 9 - San Francisco
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for people killed in crashes involving a driver with BAC =>0.08%, 2012, 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File. Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
HSAH2 - LifeMoves Shelter Operations - Interim Housing Capacity
LifeMoves Shelter Operations - Interim Housing Capacity. HSAH2 Measure K.
AH Sickle Cell Disease Provisional Death Counts 2019-2020
Provisional death counts of sickle cell disease and coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), by quarter, age, and race or Hispanic origin.
USA SPENDING COMPENSATION CH18 B127 ALLOWANCE FOR CHILDREN OF VIETNAM VETERANS BORN WITH SPINA BIFIDA MAY2019
<p>VBA COMPENSTATION BENEFITS PRGOGRAM to provide vocational training and rehabilitation to certain children born with spina bifida or other covered birth defects who are children of Vietnam veterans and some Korean veterans. “A child born with spina bifida or other covered birth defects, except spina bifida occulta, who is the natural child of a Vietnam veteran and some Korean veterans, regardless of the age or marital status of the child, conceived after the date on which the veteran first served in the Republic of Vietnam during the Vietnam era and in particular areas near the DMZ in the Korean conflict. VA must also determine that it is feasible for the child to achieve a vocational goal.”</p>
Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Module E1-04, Quantities of Foods Purchased During the Last Week: Section 1
This dataset records the quantities of specific foods consumed in the household that were purchased during the 7 days before the survey from the first interim assessment of Feed the Future's population-based indicaors for the ZOI in Cambodia.  It has 1019 rows and 594 columns.  The ZOI is the Pursat, Battambang, Kampong Thom, and Siem Reap Provinces.  The sampling design called for a two-stage cluster sample.  In the first stage, 84 villages were selected; in the second stage, households were selected within each sampled village. The sampling of villages was stratified by province, with the number of villages in each stratum proportional to the population in the stratum and with villages selected with probability proportional to size, based on the 2013 Commune Database.  The data is split into survey modules.  Modules A through C includes location information, informed consent, and the household roster.  Module D includes household characteristics.  Module E is the expenditures module broken up into 8 different parts.  Modules F and G include the hunger scale data and WEIA index data.  Data in modules H and I include mother and child dietary diversity. In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
LANE_POLYGONS
This dataset is an inventory of bridges on Hawaii Highways. Information available include: location of the bridge, the geometric length of the bridge, the condition of the bridge, surface type (Asphalt •Composite •Steel •Wood), https://highways.hidot.hawaii.gov/dataset/Bridges/etaj-esit
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of November 2018.</p>
Medicare State HCPCS Aggregate Summary Table CY2015
The Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File (Physician and Other Supplier PUF) provides information on services and procedures provided to Medicare beneficiaries by physicians and other healthcare professionals. The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2015 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
State Sales Tax Revenue from Marijuana in Colorado
These reports show monthly state sales tax (2.9%) revenue from medical marijuana and retail marijuana by county. Counties with blank values were listed as NR (Not reported), and some counties are not reported at the source.
Summer Meal Programs – Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) – Meal Counts Information – Program Period 2016
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This dataset contains <b>claimed meals served by summer feeding sites participating in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) for summer 2016 (SNP program year 2015-2016).</b> Summer feeding programs operate mid-May through the end of August.<p>   <b>This dataset contains site-level claimed meal counts. </b>Reimbursement data is collected at the sponsor level and is reported in the “Summer Feeding Programs – Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) – Meal Reimbursements” dataset for the program year. <p>   For data on sites participating in the Seamless Summer Option (SSO), please refer to the Summer Feeding Programs – Seamless Summer Option – Meal Counts and Meal Reimbursement datasets available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by July 15 of the active program period. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program period. After 90 days from the close of the program period, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program period before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan: Section 1
A set of recent CIMMYT era hybrids - spanning from the early 1990s to the late 2000s - was analyzed. These data are the results of a hyperspectral spectrometer analysis done in a well watered environment in Tlaltizapan. In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
Transportable Classroom Units- Buildings Only
Transportable Classroom Units- Buildings Only
Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) Claims by Credit Type and Size of Earned Income: Beginning Tax Year 1994
The Department of Taxation and Finance (the Department) annually publishes statistical information on the New York State earned income tax credit (EITC). This includes data on the separate New York City EITC and the New York State noncustodial parent EITC. Summary data are presented for all taxpayers which includes full-year New York state residents, part-year residents and nonresidents (where applicable). Data are shown for the total number of claimants and credit claimed by county and/or region for all filing statuses.
LRAPAfed
rulemaking for permitting requirements
FY2017 Parent Academy Workshop Attendees Demographic Breakdown
FY2017 Parent Academy Workshop Attendees Demographic Breakdown
TIENDAS - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
CENSO DE TIENDAS EXISTENTES EN LA CIUDAD DE TUNJA - Alcaldía de Tunja
Issued Construction Permits
Building, Electrical, Mechanical, and Plumbing Permits and Driveway/Sidewalk Permits issued by the City of Austin.  Includes relevant details such as issue date, location, council district, expiration date, description of work, square footage, valuation, and units.  This dataset is compliant with the Building & Land Development Specification (BLDS) data standard.
EMS-Opiate Overdoses by Age Group and Gender FY 2018
**Static Data Set** Opiate overdoses by age group and gender for fiscal year 2018
CIP Spending Plan By District
This is a snapshot of departmental capital spending plans by Council district. Spending plan data is subject to change throughout the year as a result of funding availability, shifting priorities, or unanticipated delays.
Información Histórica de estudiantes matriculados en  las Instituciones Educativas de Sabaneta
Información histórica de alumnos y grupos matriculados por colegio o nivel académico  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
2017 Annual Crime
This dataset provides the raw data needed to identify trends in Citywide Crime. Note: The official crime counts used to produce the Annual Crime and Traffic report are available only as aggregate counts and use the FBI's counting method (i.e., victims, premises). The data contained in this dataset counts incidents instead; it approximates the aggregate counts, but will vary slightly.  AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided are for informational use only and may differ from official APD crime data. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
Transit Major CTrain Delays
This dataset contains major CTrain delay time and causation
Perception of School Safety
Annual percent of high school students who did not go to school at least one day of the previous 30 days because they felt unsafe at school or on their way to or from school.
City of Edmonton - Payroll Codes
This dataset contains descriptions of the pay items that employees at the City of Edmonton may see listed on their pay advice.
MTA.speedlimits
A. SUMMARY Maximum speed limits per street segment for the City of San Francisco. Speed limits are indicated primarily for streets that have speeds greater than 25 MPH, unless the speed limit has been changed from a higher speed or a speed survey has been conducted to enforce the de facto speed limit of 25 MPH. 25 MPH is the de fact speed limit for most residential and commercial streets, and apply to streets on this map denoted by a 0 MPH label. Alleys narrower than 25 feet can have de facto speed limits of 15 MPH.   B. METHODOLOGY  Speed limit legislation information is taken from MTAB legislation and in some cases directives from engineers in the 5212 classification. Speed limit implementation information is taken from SSD Shops Reports and then parsed via python code. Implementation for speed limits will specify when signs are put in stating the new speed limits, and the work order that the sign installation was spec'd in.    C. UPDATE FREQUENCY   Updated quarterly or on an as need basis by request
Ips Luruaco
Ips Luruaco
March 2018 Revenues, Expenditures, Fund, and Cash Balances
Summary by fund as of March 31, 2018
1800B Customer Satisfaction At Department Level
"Percent of Customer Survey Respondents Rating Services as Good or Better"
2006-2012 Math Test Results - School - Ethnicity
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of math for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by school and ethnicity.
Estructura empresarial según divisiones de la CIIU y tamaños 2019
Estructura empresarial según divisiones de la CIIU y tamaños 2019
Biennial Operating Budget
Operating Budget. Includes operating budget expenditures and revenues only.  Does not include capital expenditures (CIP).
Claim Settlements for City of Austin
Claims settled between 10/01/14 and 06/30/15
Defunciones por edad y sexo
Defunciones presentadas en rango de edad y sexo
Employee Overtime and Supplemental Earnings 2017
Employee overtime and supplemental earnings by month and year-to-date.
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 47, Figure 42
Proportion (%) of ACT young people aged 16–17 years involved in activities, 2016.  Source: Youth Coalition of the ACT’s Rate Canberra Report 2016.
2014 ITS World Congress Connected Vehicle Test Bed Demonstration Intersection Situation Data
During the 2014 ITS World Congress a demonstration of the connected vehicle infrastructure in the City of Detroit was conducted.  The test site included approximately 14 intersections around Detroit’s COBO convention center and involved 9 equipped vehicles.Intersection Situation Data (ISD) data set communicates MAP and signal phase and timing (SPaT) information. MAP information communicates an intersection’s location (latitude and longitude), elevation, and geometric features such as approaches and lane configuration. SPaT data communicates the (current) state of the intersection’s signal indication(s). The data is composed of discrete Row Groups. A Row Group is a collection of (approximately 3-4) consecutive rows with common attribute.    NOTE: All Extra Files are attached in 2014 ITS World Congress Connected Vehicle Test Bed Demonstration Vehicle Situation Data
Arts & Culture - AZMNH Non-Point of Sale Program Sales
Describes total number of participants in Cultural Programming Special Events and Programs at the Arizona Museum of Natural History and Mesa Grande Cultural Park.  Special events and programs include: Mesa K Ready, Early Learning Network, Homeschool Science Fair, Dino Egg Hunt, Summer Camps, I Love Science Day, Pottery Workshop, Sensory Gentle Day, Museum Discovery Day, Lectures, Storytelling, and Explore More school programs.  For upcoming events, please visit:  https://www.arizonamuseumofnaturalhistory.org
Historic Resources
The ceqacode field contains an A, B or C: A - historic resource present B - unknown C - historic resource not present  More information: https://sfplanning.org/preservation
311 Top Articles Referenced (current, from Nov. 2017 forward)
This report tracks the name and source/website of the articles referenced for each month shown. Titles with a department name at the end reflect information provided from the department website. The other articles are maintained by SF311 to supplement department data. Articles used by 311 in the course of creating service requests (such as graffiti handling processes) are not included. Metrics of knowledge use from September and October 2017 was inconsistent following the migration to a new system in September 2017. Additionally, the names of articles is different than article names prior to the upgrade.  This dataset is updated monthly.   For historical data (Top Articles Referenced through Aug. 2017), go to:  https://data.sfgov.org/City-Infrastructure/311-Top-Articles-Referenced-historical-through-Aug/hrr4-hjc6/data
REGISTROS DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACION
El Registro de Activos de Información es un inventario organizado de la información que se encuentra en posesión, custodia o bajo control de la entidad, independientemente del formato físico o electrónico. Es útil para identificar la información que posee la entidad y en dónde puede ser consultada, ayuda a preservar la memoria institucional y por tanto facilita la continuidad en los procesos administrativos y de gestión
Densidad de Cultivos de Coca 2009
Información relacionada a los archivos cartográficos de la densidad de los cultivos de coca, detectados por el Sistema Integrado de Monitoreo de Cultivos Ilícitos-SIMCI, reportados para el período censal 2009.
Duchesne County Toxic Release Sites 1990-2013
This data set consists of the data fields most frequently requested for the Toxic Release Inventory for Duchesne County, including: Facility Name, Address, Latitude & Longitude Coordinates, SIC or NAICS codes, Chemical Identification, Classification Information, On-site Release Quantities, Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW) Transfer Quantities, Off-site Transfer Quantities for Release/Disposal, Further Waste Management, Summary Pollution Prevention Quantities ( Section 8 of the Form R)
Pruebas Saber 3 5 9 ciencias- 5
Pruebas saber 3-5-9 Ciencias 5 Nota: Para el año 2013 y 2015 no hubo prueba de Ciencias Naturales para los grados 5° y 9°.
2011 Primary - Election Results (final daily)
August 2011 primary election; final daily results report.
Public Toilets in the ACT
A dataset of public toilets in the ACT.
Bienestar descuentos por jornada 2019-1
Jornada de los estudiantes que reciben ayudas por pare de bienestar universitario
Reclamaciones Apique Agua Potable del Acueducto en el Municipio de Pereira.
En este conjunto de dato podrá encontrar el reporte con el número de reclamos mensuales de apique de agua potable del Acueducto en el Municipio de Pereira.
311 Requests (2015)
Listing of all requests raised to 311 in 2015, details of each call/transaction and update on the status.
Licensed HVAC Companies Utah 2015
This data set contains Licensed HVAC Companies in Utah as of March 2, 2015
Bronx Community Gardens
Locations of the community gardens in the Bronx. Includes address, area, community board, Council district, other info: http://www.nyrp.org/Parks_and_Gardens/Community_Gardens
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of November 2017.</p>
EBRP Library Computer Usage Stats
East Baton Rouge Parish Library computer usage statistics are organized by branch, year, and month.  This dataset only includes the count for library patrons who have logged in to the Library’s public computers, located at any of the 14 locations.
ESTABLECIMIENTOS COLOMBIANOS AUTORIZADOS POR TERCEROS PAÍSES A TRAVÉS DE UN PROCESO DE ADMISIBILIDAD
Contiene el listado establecimientos autorizados por terceros países para exportar a los países en los cuales se surtió el proceso de Admisibilidad Oficial.  Nota: Es importante tener en cuenta que esta información esta sujeta de forma permanente a cambios (inclusión o retiro de países y establecimientos) dependiendo la dinámica natural del proceso de acceso a mercados desde el punto de vista sanitario.
Condicion De Las Victimas2016( I)
Número de accidentes por condición de victima.
VDH-COVID-19-PublicUseDataset-Tests_by-LabReportDate
This data set includes the number of COVID-19 testing encounters and positive tests for PCR tests and all test types for each health district in Virginia by lab report date. This data set was first published on May 15, 2020. When you download the data set, the dates will be sorted in ascending order, meaning that the earliest date will be at the top. To see data for the most recent date, please scroll down to the bottom of the data set.
National Cemetery Administration - Gravesite Locator
Gravesite Locator
Census Congressional Districts in Colorado 2017
American Community Survey Census data includes demographics, education level, commute information, and more subset to Colorado by the Department of Local Affairs (DOLA).
Whole Person Care Incarcerations
Whole Person Care clients experience many challenges related to their health. One such challenge is incarceration which affects continuity of life and care and insurance coverage. These data show the number of incarcerations in the County jail per Whole Person Care each month.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH1606 & CH1607 B032 MONTGOMERY GI BILL SELECTED RESERVE; RESERVE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM JAN2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to encourage membership in units of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve and to provide educational assistance to members of the reserve components called or ordered to active service in response to a war or national emergency declared by the President or Congress. Generally, to qualify for benefits under MGIB-SR you must (1) Have a six-year obligation to serve in the Selected Reserve signed after June 30, 1985. If you are an officer, you must have agreed to serve six years in addition to your original obligation. For some types of training, it is necessary to have a six-year commitment that begins after September 30, 1990; (2) Complete your initial active duty for training (IADT); (3) Meet the requirement to receive a high school diploma or equivalency certificate before completing IADT. You may not use 12 hours toward a college degree to meet this requirement; and (4) Remain in good standing while serving in an active Selected Reserve unit. Generally, to qualify for benefits under REAP you must have served at least 90 consecutive days on active duty as a result of a call or order to active duty from a reserve component in response to a war or national emergency declared by the President or Congress. This is not a complete list of eligibility requirements. For more information on MGIB-SR and REAP visit <a href="http://www.gibill.va.gov">http://www.gibill.va.gov</a>.</p>
Vital Signs: Economic Output - by subregion
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Economic Output (EC13)  FULL MEASURE NAME Gross regional product  LAST UPDATED July 2019  DESCRIPTION Economic output is measured by the total and per-capita gross regional product and refers to the value of goods and services generated by workers and companies in a region.  DATA SOURCE Bureau of Economic Analysis: Regional Economic Accounts 2001-2017 http://www.bea.gov/regional/  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) As gross regional product data is only available on the MSA level, Bay Area data includes 10 counties (the nine core counties + San Benito County); this results in a slightly higher regional GRP as a result of additional population and business activity. Per-capita data reflects the additional population included as a result of San Benito County’s participation in the San Jose MSA. Data is inflation-adjusted by using both nominal and real data developed by BEA and appropriately escalating real GRP data in 2009 dollars to today’s dollars (2017). This inflation adjustment approach is specific to each MSA and is different from the CPI inflation approach used for other datasets on the Vital Signs website.
USPTO - Trademark average total pendency (months)
This measure reflects the timeliness of the disposal of a trademark application. It is measured from the date of filing to date of registration, abandonment or issuance of a notice of allowance, excluding applications that are suspended, awaiting further action, or involved in inter partes proceedings.
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Health Insurance Status by Age by City
Health Insurance Status by Age by City. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B27001.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS009
Driver Feedback Sign DFS009    Latitude: 53.488041  Longitude: -113.66743    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Soporte técnico de los funcionarios de la Alcadia  en las plataformas institucionales
Soporte técnico a los funcionarios de la Alcaldía de Pereira de  las plataformas institucionales
TRANSPORTE ESCOLAR 2018
Contrato de prestación de servicios de transporte escolar N° 20180010 de 2018 para el Municipio de Chiquinquirá Boyaca
Affordable Housing by Town 2011-Present
The Affordable Housing Appeals Procedure List is published annually on or about February 1. The data for the Affordable Housing Appeals Procedure List comes from different sources including federal, state and local programs. This makes it difficult to ensure complete accuracy, so DOH asks municipalities to provide a local administrative review of and input on the street addresses of units and projects as well as information on deed-restricted units. The responses received by DOH vary widely from each municipality.  In developing the Affordable Housing Appeals Procedure List, DOH counts:    Assisted housing units or housing receiving financial assistance under any governmental program for the construction or substantial rehabilitation of low and moderate income housing that was occupied or under construction by the end date of the report period for compilation of a given year’s list;   Rental housing occupied by persons receiving rental assistance under C.G.S. Chapter 138a (State Rental Assistance/RAP) or Section 142f of Title 42 of the U.S. Code (Section 8);   Ownership housing or housing currently financed by the Connecticut Housing   Finance Authority and/or the U.S. Department of Agriculture; and   Deed-restricted properties or properties with deeds containing covenants or restrictions that require such dwelling unit(s) be sold or rented at or below prices that will preserve the unit(s) as affordable housing as defined in C.G.S. Section 8-39a for persons or families whose incomes are less than or equal to 80% of the area median income.
Deuda las Corporaciones Públicas (2003-2012)
Este recurso presenta la deuda de las Corporaciones Públicas de Puerto Rico para los años 2003 – 2012. Esta deuda se subdivide en: Autoridad de Acueductos y Alcantarillados, Bonos, Pagares, Autoridad de Carreteras, Autoridad de Edificios Públicos, Autoridad de Energía Eléctrica, Autoridad de los Puertos, Compañía de Fomento Industrial, Universidad de Puerto Rico, y Otras Corporaciones Públicas.
ENERGY STAR Certified Version 2.0 Data Center Storage - Block I/O
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 2.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Data Center Storage that are effective as of March 15, 2021. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at http://www.energystar.gov/certified-products/detail/data_center_storage
Consultas Odontológicas
Consultas odontológicas realizadas por la Empresa Social del Estado Pasto Salud ESE
UCEVA Costo del semestre por programa y periodo vigencia 2020
Información del costo monetario del semestre que varía según carrera, periodo académico y semestre cursado
Avance Metas corte septiembre
Avance de las metas del Plan de Desarrollo Departamental 2016-2019 corte septiembre
Centros de emprendimiento y desarrollo empresarial del municipio de Pereira
Son espacios de oferta pública asociada al emprendimiento, innovación y desarrollo empresarial a la ciudadanía
EDUA - Indicadores de Gestión
EDUA - Indicadores de Gestión Empresa De Desarrollo Urbano De Armenia
Small Purchase Report
On or before September thirtieth, two thousand and three, and on or before the last day of every quarter thereafter, the mayor or his or her designee shall submit to the council and the comptroller a report detailing each small purchase award made pursuant to this section during the quarter that ended three months before such report is due and for which information is required to be contained in the computerized data base maintained pursuant to subdivision a of section 6-116.2 of the administrative code.
Morbilidad general en consulta externa
Morbilidad en consulta externa es un fenómeno donde el funcionamiento físico, emocional, intelectual, social, de desarrollo y espiritual de una persona se disminuye o altera afectando la expectativa de vida de las personas
Producción Leche (Litros/Día) - DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ
Información de producción leche (Litros/Día) del Departamento de Boyacá. Nota: La información en blanco significa que no hubo reporte por parte del municipio.  Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Acuerdos específicos de prácticas
Acuerdos específicos de prácticas existentes entre las Unidades Tecnológicas de Santander y las empresas del país, para la realización de las prácticas profesionales de los estudiantes de los diversos programas académicos de la institución.
Sewer Manholes
Approximate locations of existing manholes in the sanitary sewer system owned, operated and maintained by Pierce County PWU-Sewer and Water Utilities Division as well as the private sanitary sewer pipelines that connect into the Pierce County system. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbsewr_ssmanhole.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
HOTELES MUNICIPIO DE DOLORES TOLIMA 2018
Información general de los hoteles hubicados en el municipio de Dolores Tolima
Pre-2016 Lobbyist Compensation and Expenses by Source
This dataset only contains records for reporting years 2015 and prior. In 2016, the PDC implemented a new system for managing lobbyist reports and electronic filing. The layout of these records is incompatible with the 2016 and later record layout. Please refer to the "Lobbyist Compensation and Expenses by Source" dataset for 2016 and later records.    This dataset contains compensation and expense summary records from the monthly reports of lobbying activity. One record is included for each client that paid compensation or incurred expenses during the filing period. If the lobbyist firm themselves incurred any expenses not reimbursed by a client, a record is included summarizing the lobbyist firm's expenses. If a lobbyist reported no compensation or expenses on the report, no records will be in this dataset. Records are included for the period from 10 years prior to the current date to the end of 2015. The date is determined as the filing period of the report, not the date received. Records are included for the full year so for example, all 2007 records will be included until the entire year 2007 falls outside the 10 year time span.    This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.    Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.    CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication and or referenced documents constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
2014 Clinic Quality Comparisons for Clinics with Fewer than Five Service Providers
This data set includes comparative information for clinics with fewer than five physicians on two quality measures: Avoidance of Antibiotic Treatment in Adults with Acute Bronchitis, and Comprehensive Diabetes Care: Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Testing at the Small Health Area level. The data is based on claims data within the Utah All Payer Database.
Social Security Recipients By County Utah 2012
This data set contains the number of recipients in Utah (by eligibility category, age, and receipt of OASDI benefits) and amount of payments, by county, December 2012
Estudiantes graduados por facultad por jornada
Estudiantes graduados en el periodo 2019-2 por facultad y por jornada
State Drug Utilization Data 2017
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
State Drug Utilization Data 2016
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
Esquema de publicación de la información
El Esquema de Publicación de Información es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma.
Properties leased by City of Melbourne
This is a list of off property leases that are administered by the City of Melbourne.
Michigan Per Capita Real GDP
Michigan per capita real GDP compared to United States.  Growth rate of Michigan per capita real GDP ranked among states.
Employment and Labor Force - Monthly
The Employment Dataset shows several current and historical annual statistics regarding the labor force, employment and unemployment in the City of Mesa and nearby municipalities. Employment Data - Bureau of Labor Statistics - http://www.bls.gov/data/  Local Area Unemployment Statistics (LAUS) - https://www.bls.gov/lau/ (See for next data release dates) To see how these terms are defined and what they include, please visit the Terms Glossary from the United State Department of Labor’s Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), which can be found at the following web address: http://www.bls.gov/bls/glossary.htm
COBERTURA DE ASEO Y AGUAS RESIDUALES DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2018
COBERTURA DEL SERVICIO DE ASEO Y AGUAS RESIDUALES DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2018
Montgomery County Boundary
a geographic representation of Montgomery County Boundary
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
El Índice de información clasificada y reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por la entidad, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Row Housing Setbacks in RF3 Zones - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the October 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=558&as=o7np0xc2YJ&t=1. Open from October 13 - 21, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3857 Insight Community Members. 1435 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 37%. A total of 1494 respondents completed the survey: 1435 Insight Community Members and 59 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Hyrum Reservoir Total Water Acreage 1974-2019
This data set contains total water acreage for Hyrum Reservoir for the years 1974-2019.  Data is from the US Bureau of Reclamation.
Novedades del Proceso de Matrícula Atendidas
Listado Movimientos por Retiro y/o Traslado Transferencia a los Estudiantes Matriculados. Gobernacion Huila
VDH-COVID-19-PublicUseDataset-Summary
This data set includes the cumulative (total) number of COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, deaths, outbreaks, testing percent and MIS-C in Virginia. This data set was first published on October 01, 2020.
Usuarios Biblioteca Pública Casa de la Cultura
Usuarios que utilizaron los servicios de la Biblioteca Pública "Joaquín Villa Jimenez" de la Casa de la Cultura durante el último mes.
OD0019 Historic Site Visits
Historic sites visits on PEI from 2004
FY2014 MI Community Revitalization Program
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to  https://transparency.michigan.gov/FY2014-MI-Community-Revitalization-Program/FY2014-MI-Community-Revitalization-Program-Annual-/nx28-d3e3
ESTABLECIMIENTOS EDUCATIVOS CON PROGRAMA DE CONECTIVIDAD
SEDES EDUCATIVAS BENEFICIADAS CON CONECTIVIDAD POR EL CONTRATO No.2095 DE 2019
Estructura empresarial según actividad económica, centro regional, naturaleza jurídica y tamaño de empresa 2019
Estructura empresarial según actividad económica, centro regional, naturaleza jurídica y tamaño de empresa 2019
Contratación SECOP
contratación año 2019
Head Start Locations
The Office of Head Start (OHS) promotes the school readiness of young children from low-income families through local programs. Head Start and Early Head Start programs support the mental, social, and emotional development of children from birth to age 5. Read more about our history and services, explore more information, and find a program by selecting a topic area below.   http://eclkc.ohs.acf.hhs.gov/hslc/HeadStartOffices
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD ATENDIDAS EN URGENCIAS E.S.E HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA 2013
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS MUESTRA EL PORCENTAJE DE LAS PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD ATENDIDAS  EN URGENCIAS  EN LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA DURANTE EL AÑO 2013
RTA Boundary
Regional Transit Authority boundary polygons throughout Pierce County. Created from legal descriptions provided by the RTA and aligned to the tax parcel data. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbatr_rta_boundary.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Turnover RATE Data
Turnover rate Data
Smart Parking Stays
SmartParking is a trial designed to help ease traffic congestion and lower travel times by using real-time bay sensor data and the ParkCBR app to show drivers where they are more likely to find available car parking in the Manuka shopping precinct. Android users can download the ParkCBR from GooglePlay Store and iOS users from the AppStore.   The Stay dataset shows the utilisation of an area down to a single bay.
Homeownership with Mortgage
This Indicator measures the percent of homeowners who have a mortgage or loan on their homes. Outstanding debt distinguishes these homeowners from those who own their homes free and clear and no longer need to make mortgage or loan payments.
General Physician Payment Data With Identifying Recipient Information Utah 2013
Sometimes, doctors and hospitals have financial relationships with health care manufacturing companies. These relationships can include money for research activities, gifts, speaking fees, meals, or travel. The Social Security Act requires CMS to collect information from applicable manufacturers and group purchasing organizations (GPOs) in order to report information about their financial relationships with physicians and hospitals. Open Payments is the federally run program that collects the information about these financial relationships and makes it available to you from the Opendata.utah.gov portal.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a MARZO de 2013
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Marzode 2013 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Tax Liability By AGI Range
Number of tax filers/payers and total city tax liability by income ranges
USAID Forward, Strengthen staff capacity_2010-2016
This dataset contains the proportion of staff work plans with at least one direct engagement performance measure during the period 2010-2016, a part of the USAID Forward reform initiative that ran from 2010-2016.  USAID Forward improved the way that the Agency delivers foreign assistance by embracing new partnerships, investing in the catalytic role of innovation, and demanding a renewed focus on results.  In 2017, the Agency determined that the work advanced under USAID Forward had largely been institutionalized.  On this site, you will find the FY 2012-2016 data related to USAID Forward's three main areas of focus: 1) Deliver results on a meaningful scale through a strengthened USAID, 2) Promote sustainable development through high-impact partnerships and local solutions, and 3) Identify and scale up innovative, breakthrough solutions to intractable development challenges.  As of October 2017, we are no longer updating information, including collecting indicators, on this legacy effort.
Front Yards In Bloom Nominations  (2014 - 2018)
A list of nominations of individuals or groups that applied for the Front Yards in Bloom program.  Front Yards in Bloom is a partnership of the Edmonton Horticultural Society, the Canadian Union of Postal Workers, and the City of Edmonton.
2016 Central Line-Associated Bloodstream Infections (CLABSI) Table – Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals (Updated Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report CLABSIs from adult, pediatric, and neonatal intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, and medical/surgical wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html.
Trakit Permits
Data is provided as is from the City of Everett permit system. This data includes information on permits issued by the City of Everett.
BPD Officer Involved Use Of Force
This data set contains the date, incident #, and location of officer involved use of force incidents that are investigated by the BPD Force Investigation Team (FIT).  The data, ranging from 2013 through 2015, is used to keep up to date a map displayed on the department's website.
Resident Service Requests - Dataset
​This dataset contains all of the service requests submitted to the City, by phone, email, or SEE_CLICK_FIX website from 2015 through the present.
MORBILIDAD ODONTOLOGÍA 2018
Principales Causas de Atención Odontológica por IPS AÑO 2018
2017-2018 Class Size Report Borough K-8 Average Class Size
2017-2018 Class Size Report Borough K-8 Average Class Size
Directorio De Artistas Y Gestores Culturales Del Municipio De Baranoa Atlántico
Directorio De Artistas Y Gestores Culturales Del Municipio De Baranoa Atlántico
2021 State Expenditures as of COB July 31, 2020
Financial data relating to the purchases of goods and services by the state as well as financial disbursements through various state programs as of COB July 31, 2019.
Beer Permit Locations
Details of all locations within Davidson County that have active beer and beer caterer permits.
Ejecución Presupuestal del Gasto de Funcionamiento vigencia 2016 del Municipio de Santiago de Cali
Describe la programación (presupuesto inicial, presupuesto definitivo, adiciones, reducciones, crédito y contracrédito) y la ejecución (pagos, obligaciones y ejecución) del gasto
Assessor's Office Secured Tax Roll 2014/2015
Assessor's Office Secured Roll for 2014/2015.  Secured Roll file with ownership names redacted: Assessed property values for the Alameda County residential and commercial properties as of March 8, 2015.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Honduras, 2010 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Honduras as part of its 2010 round of surveys.   The field work for the 2010 survey was Field work by Borge y Asociados.
Data Center Summary Extract Service Offering Disk
Ticket data for IT Service Level Indicators (in reference to inter-department Service Level Agreements).
Información Sobre  Árboles Entregados,  Reforestación  Y Cerca Viva II Semestre Vigencia 2017
Información estadística  Sobre  Árboles Entregados,  Reforestación  Y Cerca Viva II Semestre Vigencia 2017
Tasa de Personas en Condición de Discapacidad
Tasa de Personas en Condición de Discapacidad información suministrada por la Secretaría de Salud a corte 31 de Diciembre de 2019
2005 - 2019 Quality Review Ratings
Yearly data of Quality Review ratings from 2005 to 2019 This data can be used to review historical ratings for schools and compare ratings across time Schools do not receive a Quality Review every year. Data are provided for all schools that received a Quality Review that school year, current and closed. The Quality Review rating scale is not uniform across all years (see column info tab for more detail).
Utah School District HS Graduation Rates 2013
This data set includes the federal NCLB graduation rate calculations for schools by  district in Utah.. For 2013 this includes all students who started 9th grade in the 2009-10 school year plus transfers. By aligning with federal regulations, Utah is able to compare their graduation rate to rates in other states. This rate is used for all UCAS and School Grade calculations. Utah also maintains a three-year cohort rate for comparison among all Utah Local Education Agencies (LEAs) since Utah has many 10-12th grade high schools.
Hechos violentos 2018
Estadística de hechos violentos presentados en el municipio de Ipiales en el año 2017, discriminados por mes del hecho, genero de la víctima y rango de edad.
1215P_Clerk of the Board
Performance measures dataset
Police - Non-Mandatory Training Details
Objectives of and topics addressed in non-mandatory trainings.
Data Center Services - Department Summaries Uploaded 04-20-2016
For IT service dashboards.   LoS = (# of service offerings where the average ticket turnaround time was equal to or less than target / total # of service offerings where tickets were requested)
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a FEBRERO de 2018
Reportes Financieros con corte a 28 de febrero de 2018 de las entidades del sector solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Adult Recreational Sports Attendance and Revenue
Attendance numbers and revenue generated for Athletic fields, softball, and tennis data since October 2012.
Estadísticas de Varicela 2019 Municipio de Los Patios
Estadísticas de pacientes  con Varicela en el mes de enero municipio los Patios
Downtown Oakland Onstreet Inventory
On-street curb data, including number of parking spaces and color curbs by block-face, conducted as part of the Downtown Oakland Parking Study. Last updated December 2015.
Judicial Dept. Contracts - FY 2019 - 2015
This report includes information on contracts and amendments issued for the Oregon Judicial Department. The contract values provided are estimates. For more information: https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx
Compliance at-the-tap Lead and Copper Data
At-the-tap samples tested for lead and copper
2011-2012 School Closure Discharge Reporting - GPA
In June 2012, 7 New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2011-2012 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043
MORBILIDAD POR URGENCIAS - FEBRERO 2019
Morbilidad por urgencias, correspondiente al mes de febrero del 2019.
Bronx 2012 Farmers Market List
A table that lists many farmer's markets in the Bronx. Location is approximate because addresses were not available in most cases. Location was calculated by inputting the intersection data into GoogleEarth and recording the lat/lon coordinates.
Unemployment Insurance Data - July 2008 to April 2013
Monthly metrics on unemployment insurance from the Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation.
City of Calgary Newsroom
This is an aggregate news feed from a number of City sources.
Rockfish data - Movement and habitat use patterns of top predators and keystone species in the benthic food web
We have been using and continue to use acoustic telemetry methods to monitor the movement behavior and define habitat use of groundfish species in and out of Puget Sound waters. Detections of individual fishes has been collected at small and large scales over short and long term periods. We have data on sixgill and sevengill sharks, spiny dogfish, lingcod, copper, quillback, yellowtail and black rockfish, and spotted ratfish. These data are being used to describe the spatio-temporal patterns of behaviors expressed by top predators and other important members of the groundfish community in Puget Sound and along the West Coast. We intend for this information to inform the strength of inter- and intra-specific interactions quantified by ecosystem-scale models as well as the development of models used to determine the efficacy of spatial management strategies such as Marine Protected Areas. This has been a research topic since 2003, and will continue with work on listed species such as yelloweye and canary rockfish.  Acoustic telemetry data for rockfish in Puget Sound, primarily copper and quillback.
Solar Electric Programs Reported by NYSERDA: Beginning 2000
Solar Electric Programs Reported by NYSERDA; Beginning 2000 dataset includes the following data points for projects completed and in the pipeline (not yet installed) in the Incentive Program beginning December 2000: Project number, city, county, state, zip code, sector, program type, solicitation, electric utility, purchase type, date application received, date completed, project status, contractor, primary inverter manufacturer, total inverter quantity, primary inverter model number, primary PV module manufacturer, total PV module quantity, primary PV module model number, project cost, incentive amount, total nameplate capacity, expected annual kilowatt-hour production, remote net metering, affordable solar, community distributed generation project and Green Jobs-Green New York participant. Blank cells represent data that were not required or are not currently available.  Contractor data is provided for completed projects only, except for Community Distributed Generation projects. Pipeline projects are subject to change. The interactive map at https://www.nyserda.ny.gov/All-Programs/Programs/NY-Sun/Data-and-Trends provides information on solar photovoltaic (PV) installations supported by NYSERDA throughout New York State since 2000 by county, region, or statewide. Updated monthly, the graphs show the number of projects, expected production, total capacity, and annual trends.  The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) offers objective information and analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise, and support to help New Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and reduce reliance on fossil fuels. To learn more about NYSERDA’s programs, visit https://nyserda.ny.gov or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, or Instagram.
Reporte de Información FUT Gastos de Funcionamiento
Reporte de Información FUT Gastos de Funcionamiento
Congenital syphilis incidence rate (per 100,000), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of newly reported cases of congenital syphilis per 100,000 live births.    Definition:  Rate of newly reported cases of primary and secondary syphilis by date of diagnosis per 100,000 population.    Data Source:  Division of HIV/AIDS, STD and TB Services, New Jersey Department of Health
2008 Basic Stand Alone Inpatient Claims PUF
This is a Public Use File of Inpatient Claims drawn from the 2008 Beneficiary Summary File of Medicare beneficiaries enrolled during the calendar year 2008, and their associated Medicare claims. The most important aspects of this file are as follow: 1. It contains claims for a simple random sample of 5% of the 2008 beneficiary population. Out of approximately 2.4 million beneficiaries in the 5% sample, about 350,000 had claims (after excluding a relatively small fraction of ineligible claims), resulting in a Public Use File of just under 590,000 claims. 2. It contains six (6) analytic variables (in addition to an encrypted claim key): Age, gender, base DRG code, ICD-9 code, claim cost, and length of inpatient stay. All of these variables, except gender, have been suitably aggregated or averaged in order to protect individuals from identification, while retaining the analytic value of the data. 3. A claim for a sampled beneficiary is only included in the PUF if the combination of all six (6) variables is shared by at least eleven (11) claims pertaining to at least eleven (11) distinct beneficiaries in the population (but not necessarily the sample). 4. Claims cannot be linked by beneficiary, and cannot be linked to any external data source by means of the claim ID. The claim ID is a cryptographic key specific to this Inpatient Claims PUF and not available elsewhere. The inpatient Claims PUF is sorted by this claim ID to ensure that the relative position of claims in the PUF and the original source data are totally uncorrelated.
EPS  EN EL MUNICIPIO DE SANTA MARIA BOYACÁ
Entidades prestadoras de Salud que Operan en el Municipio de Santa María Boyacá
Baton Rouge Annexation History
This dataset depicts the expansion of the Baton Rouge city limits from 1817 to the present. All individual annexations since 1949 are depicted as well as select snapshots of the city boundary dating back to the original incorporation of the city of Baton Rouge.
Hospice - Nation Data
National data on the quality of patient care measures shown on Hospice Compare.
EC-LEDS Clean Energy Program Georgia Dataset
The purpose of this strategy is to ensure a low emissions transition and sustainable path for Georgia’s economic and social development, through: the identification of main sources/sectors of emissions and their trends in development process, assessing and removing barriers to low emission development, defining goals/policies/measures within each sector in the context of sustainable development of the country, establishment of relevant legislation system, infrastructure and coordination process for implementation, and monitoring of results and mobilizing the national and international financial sources for implementation of LEDS.
Superior Court, Cases Pending Over 1 Year, Per Month
This dataset contains a monthly record of how many cases pending over a year each judge had at the end of the month, as well as the average number of pending cases over one year among judges. The average pending is calculated by group, so the average for non-complex is different than the average among the judges handling complex criminal cases. There is one data point for the last day of each previous month, starting 2019-01-01, and a datapoint for the current number of pending cases over one year.
Low Impact Development Inventory
City of Edmonton promotes Low Impact Development (LID). Seven LID Best Management Practices are Bioswales, Bioretention, Box Planters, Rain Water Harvesting, Green Roofs, Naturalized Drainage Ways, and Permeable Pavement.
Iowa Employment Status for the Population 16 Years and Over (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains Iowa population estimate for individuals 16 years and older by employment status for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B23025.  Employment status includes the following: Total, Labor Force, Civilian Labor Force, Civilian Employed Labor Force, Civilian Unemployed Labor Force, Armed Forces and Not in Labor Force.
Asthma Related Emergency Room Total Charges By Payer And LHD Utah 2011
Asthma Related Emergency Room Total Charges By Payer And LHD Utah 2011
Panaderías Zona Rural y Urbana
Panaderías en el Municipio de Sevilla
2015 San Diego Demographics - Vehicles and Transportation to Work
Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP04 and DP03.
Economic Median Earnings by County WA
Median Earnings: The middle value of individual earnings in an area,(B08121). County and State values are from the ACS 1 Year Survey. Includes workers 16 years and over with earnings.
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Schedule A - Monetary Contributions
This dataset includes all itemized monetary contributions ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Schedule "A" Monetary Contributions from 2011 to the present. The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset. See the data key for column definitions: https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
Observatorio Del Delito En San Andrés Isla
Cantidad de delitos ocurridos en la Isla de San Andrés durante un periodo determinado.
ACT population born overseas
ACT population born overseas comparison of years    The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
2016 Catheter-Associated Urinary Tract Infections (CAUTI) Table – Critical Access Hospitals (Updated Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report CAUTIs from adult and pediatric intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, medical/surgical, and inpatient rehabilitation wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. Note: Blue Mountain Hospital did not report CAUTI data for calendar year 2016.  For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
Drainage - Catch Basins
The location of  catch basins in the City of Edmonton.    The City of Edmonton provides this information based on the records retained by the City of Edmonton with respect to the matters. The City of Edmonton provides no warranty or representation as to whether the information is correct, accurate or free from error and whether it is otherwise suitable for your use or purpose.
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR URGENCIAS - SEPTIEMBRE 2019
Primeas causas de morbilidad por urgencias para el mes de Septiembre de 2019.
Datos de calidad del aire en la estación Catumare Junio a Diciembre 2018
La estación CATUMARE ubicada en la comuna ocho de la ciudad de Villavicencio, es una estación automática que reporta información horaria al centro de control de CORMACARENA. Mide los niveles de Ozono (O3) y variables meteorológicas como velocidad del viento, dirección del viento, temperatura, humedad, radiación solar y precipitación.  CORMACARENA mediante el grupo de aire y urbano en el transcurso de los años ha trabajado en robustecer el sistema de calidad del aire para garantizar la continuidad en los datos, sin embargo es normal que los sistemas de monitoreo de calidad del aire presenten discontinuidad en los datos (datos faltantes o espacios en blanco) debido a dos situaciones: la primera corresponde a las anomalías que se dan en las estaciones de monitoreo, tales como: Fallas en los equipos, falta de energía eléctrica en la zona, hurto de equipos o cableado, mantenimiento o cambio de equipos, etc y la segunda causa corresponde a la inclusión o exclusión de algunos contaminantes o variables meteorológicas, según criterio de los expertos y característica de la zona a monitorear.
Civil Rights Data Collection School Districts Utah 2000
The U.S. Department of Education (ED) conducts the Civil Rights Data Collection (CRDC), formerly the Elementary and Secondary School Survey (E&S Survey), to collect data on key education and civil rights issues in our nation's public schools. CRDC collects a variety of information including, student enrollment and educational programs and services, disaggregated by race/ethnicity, sex, limited English proficiency and disability. CRDC is a longstanding and important aspect of the ED Office for Civil Rights overall strategy for administering and enforcing the civil rights statutes for which it is responsible. Information collected by CRDC is also used by other ED offices as well as policymakers and researchers outside of ED.
CGB - Consumer Complaints Data
Individual informal consumer complaint data detailing complaints filed with the Consumer Help Center beginning October 31, 2014. This data represents information selected by the consumer. The FCC does not verify the facts alleged in these complaints.
Asbestos Inspected Buildings
List of City-owned buildings, their addresses and if there is a known presence of asbestos.    *Buildings deemed confidential in nature are not included.
Tree Transplants
Sites in Austin known to have transplanted trees for preservation during construction
COVID-19 Emergency Management Expenditure Data
Department of Emergency Management expenditures directly related to the COVID-19 response.
Education  - Education Implementation Completion Reports
The World Bank prepares an Implementation Completion Report (ICR) for each lending operation it finances. It assesses (a) the degree to which the project achieved its development objective and outputs as set out in the project documents; (b) other significant outcomes and impacts; (c) prospects for the project's sustainability; and (d) Bank and borrower performance, including compliance with relevant Bank safeguard and business policies.  It also provides the data and analysis to substantiate these assessments, and it identifies the lessons learned from implementation. The borrower prepares and provides to the Bank its own evaluation report on the project's execution and initial operation, its cost and the benefits to be derived from it, the Bank's and borrower's performance of their obligations under the Loan Agreement, and the extent to which the purposes of the loan were achieved.  The borrower's summary of this report (or the full report, if it is 10 pages or fewer) is attached unedited to the ICR.  The borrower also assists the Bank in the preparation of the ICR. An ICR is not prepared for a loan that fails to become effective or is canceled before significant implementation is initiated.  Instead, a Project Completion Note to the Board summarizes the project and explains why it was not implemented.    Below is a list of education ICRs (FY13 on wards), along with an abstract of their key findings and a link to the available full text ICR documents.  The project portal contains additional project information and is also provided.  If you have any questions about these reports, please contact the Education Advisory Service (eservice@worldbank.org).
BARRIOS EN CALI ILUMINADOS CON LUZ LED
estos son los barrios que están al 100% iluminados en tecnología LED en la ciudad de Cali
2015-2018 Historical Daily Attendance By School
Daily listing (counts) of students registered, present, absent and released by School DBN.
Procurement Notices
This dataset includes procurement tender notices for World Bank financed projects. Learn more about the World Bank Group's operations in procurement at http://go.worldbank.org/9KQZWXNOI0.
Directorio Centros Educativos Públicos - Dosquebradas
Directorio de los Centros Educativos Públicos a julio del 2020 ubicados en el Municipio de Dosquebradas en el departamento del Risaralda.
Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2002
Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2002
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of January 2018</p>
2018-2019 Citywide Demographic Snapshot
2014-15 to 2018-19 Citywide Demographic Snapshot
Weekly Counts of Deaths by State and Select Causes, 2014-2018
Final counts of deaths by the week the deaths occurred, by state of occurrence, and by select causes of death for 2014-2018.  Death counts in this dataset were derived from the National Vital Statistics System database that provides the most timely access to the data.  Therefore, counts may differ slightly from final data due to differences in processing, recoding, and imputation.
QHP Landscape Health Plan Business Rule Variables
QHP Landscape Health Plan Business Rule Variables
Títulos Académicos Personal Administrativo Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca
Conjunto de datos abiertos que contiene información de títulos académicos obtenidos por el personal administrativo de la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca, en los niveles tecnológicos, pregrado y posgrado año 2019.
Strategic Measure_Number and percentage of persons who successfully exit from homelessness
This dataset represents the number of persons who successfully exit from homelessness in a given fiscal year in the Austin/Travis County Continuum of Care (CoC). This measure is comprised of Metric 7b1 and 7b2 from the HUD System Performance Measures.  Data Source: The data for this measure was reported to the City of Austin by the Ending Community Homelessness Coalition (ECHO). Each year, ECHO, as the homeless Continuum of Care Lead Agency (CoC Lead), aggregates and reports community wide data (including this measure) to the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). This data is referred to as System Performance Measures as they are designed to examine how well a community is responding to homelessness at a system level.    View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/xtip-he7k
DSS Township Counts - by Program - CY 2016
DSS CY 2016 Town counts - Number of people by program enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2016, by township. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
Grand County Census Projections 2010-2060
This data set contains population projections from GOMB.
pln_bnft_pkg [impl]
Plan Finder dataset pln_bnft_pkg [impl], released on 2020-10-21.
Listado de Las Unidades Municipales de Asistencia Técnica Agropecuaria (UMATA) del Departamento del Atlántico
Listado de Las Unidades Municipales de Asistencia Técnica Agropecuaria (UMATA) del Departamento del Atlántico con el responsable de cada una y los datos de contacto.
Dubuque County Average Monthly Earnings By Quarter
Dubuque County Average Monthly Earnings By Quarter from US Census Bureau
DIRECTORIO EMPRESARIAL TURÍSTICO PEREIRA-PUNTOS DE INFORMACIÓN TURISTICOS
Son los diferentes puntos de la ciudad de Pereira para dar información de los  sitios turísticos, con una persona que guía a los visitantes  e interpreta el patrimonio cultural y natural de la zona.
Parking Infringements By Top 20 Locations
Data on parking fines in ACT by financial year and location
Cobertura Educativa Primaria y Secundaria 2017 en el Municipio de Ortega - Tolima
Información de la cobertura educativa primaria y secundaria por sedes y grados en las Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Ortega - Tolima.
Procedimientos Quirúrgicos por Grupo Etáreo
Procedimientos quirúrgicos realizados en la institución, agrupados por grupos etáreos.
TANF Cases/Clients/Benefits by SFY, 2002--
Temporary Aid to Needy Families (TANF).  Report on the Average Number of Cases and Clients, and the Total Benefits Paid by State Fiscal Year, 2002 to present.
QAC Expenditures - All Funds
County Expenditures - July 1 2015 through July 28 2016
COVID 19 - Small Business Loans
Tracking small business loans related to COVID-19.
PPW Streams and Lake Water Quality
Percent of monitored Pierce County streams and lakes with water quality rated "better than Average."
INSTITUCIONES PRESTADORAS DE SERVICIOS DE SALUD HABILITADAS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE SINCELEJO-3
IPS habilitadas en el municipio de Sincelejo a 2017.  La administración Municipal vela porque a sus habitantes se les garantice el derecho irrenunciable a la Seguridad Social, el acceso a los servicios de Promoción, protección y recuperación de la Salud; ya que toda persona tiene el deber de procurar el cuidado integral de su Salud y la de su comunidad, por tal razón se publica este listado de las EPS del municipio de Sincelejo.
Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: 2015 Part D Prescriber
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Part D Prescriber Public Use File (PUF), with information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP). The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name. For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost. The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.    Although the Part D Prescriber PUF has a wealth of information on payment and utilization for Medicare Part D prescriptions, the dataset has a number of limitations. Of particular importance is the fact that the data may not be representative of a physician’s entire practice or all of Medicare as it only includes information on beneficiaries enrolled in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program (i.e., approximately two-thirds of all Medicare beneficiaries). In addition, the data are not intended to indicate the quality of care provided. For additional limitations, please review the methodology document in the About tab.
Bronx Selected Economic Characteristics ACS11 5 YR DP03
Economic characteristics for the timespan 2007-2011 from the US Census Bureau
Thermal Conductivity Data In Utah 2011-2012
this data set contains primary thermal conductivity and other thermal data obtained with divided bar and needle probe equipment from temperature-gradient boreholes drilled in 2011-2012.
Oregon Draft Data Strategy Public Comments (Phase 1)
Public comments for the Oregon Draft Data Strategy.  Phase 1 extends from July 6, 2020 - August 24, 2020.  Comments are received through a google form (https://forms.gle/7a6wAfG2ZNgATrqF9) and synced daily at 5pm PST.    Individuals who submitted files (pdf, word) to the Oregon.Data@oregon.gov email address in lieu of using the google form will have their comments posted directly to the Oregon Data Strategy Website at https://www.oregon.gov/das/OSCIO/Pages/DataStrategy.aspx
EDTIF Program Totals Utah 2010
Approved in 2005, EDTIF is a state incentive program that allows local governments to create “economic development zones” in order to encourage job creation and capital investment. New or existing businesses creating new jobs or significant capital investment within these zones may apply for a partial rebate (30%) for up to 20 years of taxes paid to the state. The rebate may apply to “new state income” generated by the job growth or capital investment, including the payroll tax of the new employees, corporate income tax, and sales tax. Qualifying companies must create new jobs paying at least the median state wage.
Fogafín Contratos Suscritos
Contratos suscritos desde 2003
ENERGY STAR Certified Ceiling Fans Light Kits
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 2 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Luminaires that are effective as of  June 1, 2016 and Version 4.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Ceiling Fans that are effective as of June 15, 2018. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=ceiling_fans.pr_crit_ceiling_fans
Directorio de Restaurantes del Municipio de Riohacha
Información Básica de los Restaurantes  del Municipio de Riohacha
Puntos de referencia del departamento de Caldas
Puntos de referencia del departamento de Caldas
RICAPS Greenhouse Gas Emissions Summary
Summary data of each city's contribution to reduction measures of greenhouse gas emissions in the County.     Each city in San Mateo County has the opportunity to develop its own Climate Action Plan (CAP) using tools developed by C/CAG in conjunction with DNV KEMA https://www.dnvgl.com/ and Hara. http://www.verisae.com/default.aspx. This project was funded by grants from the Bay Area Air Quality Management District (BAAQMD) and Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E). Climate Action Plans developed from these tools will meet BAAQMD's California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) guidelines for a Qualified Greenhouse Gas Reduction   Strategy.    For more information, please see the RICAPS site: http://www.smcenergywatch.com/progress_report.html
2019 Census - Population by Gender (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2019. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.  Census data has been collected and made available within the guidelines outlined in Policy C520C.  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/documents/PoliciesDirectives/C520C.pdf
Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report, Calendar Year 2013
The “Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report”, a supplement to the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Physician and Other Supplier data, contains information on utilization, payments (Medicare allowed amount, Medicare payment, standardized Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by NPI. Sub-totals for medical type services and drug type services are included as well as overall utilization, payment and charges. In addition, beneficiary demographic and health characteristics are provided which include age, sex, race, Medicare and Medicaid entitlement, chronic conditions and risk scores.
Australian Secondary Students Alcohol and Drug Survey (ASSAD) - Alcohol
Australian Secondary Students' Alcohol and Drug Survey - Alcohol  The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2011
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2011
END_TREATMENT
This dataset is an inventory of raised pavement markers on Hawaii Highways. Information available include: length of pavement markers, type of pavement, and condition of the pavement markers.
County Council 2017-2021
Contact information for the elected officials for Strathcona County for 2017 - 2021. This dataset conforms to the Represent CSV Schema for elected officials' contact information. For more information on Represent please visit http://represent.opennorth.ca/
VetPop2018 Race_Ethnicity National Data, 3L
VetPop2018 projection of living Veterans by gender and race/ethnicity at the national level. Note, rounding to the nearest 1,000 is always appropriate for VetPop estimates.
Contratación Mes de Agosto de 2019 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de agosto de 2019, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
CPI 1.1 Texas Child Population (ages 0-17) by Region - 2010- 2019
Current population estimates and projections for all years from 2010 to 2019 as of December 2019.   Population Data Source - Population Estimates and Projections Program, Texas State Data Center, Office of the State Demographer and the Institute for Demographic and Socioeconomic Research, The University of Texas at San Antonio.    The population totals may not match previously printed DFPS Data Books.  Past population estimates are adjusted based on the U.S. Census data as it becomes available.  This is important to keep the data in line with current best practices, but may cause some past counts, such as Abuse/Neglect Victims per 1,000 Texas Children, to be recalculated.   Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs
APS 3.1 Investigations:  Activity by County FY2010-FY2019
Adults age 65 or older are automatically eligible for APS services based on their age. An adult age 18 to 64 old must be substantially impaired to be eligible for APS services.   Substantial impairment is defined as: "When a disability grossly and chronically diminishes an adult’s physical or mental ability to live independently or provide self-care as determined through observation, diagnosis, evaluation, or assessment."  (Texas Human Resources Code §48.002(a)(8); 40 Texas Administrative Code §705.1001)  Assessment of a mental, physical, or developmental disability as indicated by one of the following:    •  A medical condition   •  Professional diagnosis   •  Reported or observed behavior that is consistent with such a diagnosis. The disability must cause a long-lasting and considerable inability to live independently or provide self-care.
Licensed Intermediate Care Facilities
Licensed Intermediate Care Facilities for the Mentally Retarded
BASE DE DATOS TRÁMITES MUNICIPALES  DE CARACOLI ANTIOQUIA
Tramites Municipales Caracolí Antioquia
ACT Funded Qualifications Nominated By RTOs Delivering 2017
Skills Canberra is responsible and accountable for the provision of strategic advice and overall management of vocational education and training (VET). Skills Canberra also manages Commonwealth and ACT funding directed to VET programs in the ACT. This includes administering territory and national funds for a variety of programs addressing skills development for entry level and existing workers, as well as adult community education. The VET system in the ACT responds to the demands and requirements of industry and the community.
Energy Used in Civic Operations per Capita
This data set provides the total amount of energy used (in MW) by all departments of the City of Edmonton, per person. It includes vehicle fuels (i.e. gasoline, diesel, propane and natural gas), natural gas heating for buildings, and electricity use for lighting, running the LRT, cooling buildings, etc.   Per capita energy use is gradually declining as LED street lights are installed, vehicle fuel efficiency improves and building energy retrofits are completed.
Gross Withdrawals And Production Of Natural Gas By State T4.3 2005
Gross Withdrawals And Production Of Natural Gas By State T4.3 2005
Cobertura de vacunación contra rotavirus
Es el porcentaje de niños de que han recibido vacuna contra Rotavirus en el departamento de Nariño, desde 2015, agrupados por municipio, mes y año.
Local Law 18 Pay and Demographics Report - Agency Report Table
The Agency Report Table aggregates pay and employment characteristics in accordance with the requirements of Local Law 18 of 2019. The Table covers over 180,000 City employees and is a point-in-time snapshot of employees who were either active or on temporary leave (parental leave, military leave, illness, etc.) as of December 31st, 2018. To protect the privacy of employees, the sign “<5” is used instead of the actual number for groups of less than five (5) employees, in accordance with the Citywide Privacy Protection Policies and Protocols.   The Pay and Demographics Report and the list of agencies included is available on the MODA Open Source Analytics Library (https://moda-nyc.github.io/Project-Library/projects/pay-and-demographics/).
IRS Tax Exempt Organizations in Utah 2018
This data set contains tax exempt entities in Utah for 2018.
Residential Energy Use
Residential Energy Use by Year
Traffic speed camera locations
The location of all red light, fixed, point to point and mobile speed cameras in the ACT.
Hip Fractures
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2018.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.18.xlsx
Indice de Riesgo Agua  Tunja 2017
Indice de Riesgo en Agua por Acueducto en el Año 2017
Material By Year
Water Infrastructure Pipe Material:  This dataset is host to DC Water's information about Pipe Materials. The dataset is updated when updates are made available.  The information provided is limited to the best available data in DC Water’s possession at the time the dataset was loaded.    Data Disclaimer: District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority (“D.C. Water”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by D.C. Water is based on historical data, information directly provided by DC Water's installation contractor and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. DC Water does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing property owners and residents with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. D.C. Water assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. D.C. Water reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Post Auction Coverage Baseline 2.0
FINAL TELEVISION CHANNEL ASSIGNMENT INFORMATION RELATED TO INCENTIVE AUCTION REPACKING. NOTE: This file provides new baseline coverage and population data for all U.S. full power and Class A stations on their post-auction channel. NOTE: DTV TV stations use the transmit coordinates for each facility ID. DTS TV stations will have a single row. These results are based on the 20151020UCM Database, 2015Oct_132Settings.xml study template, and TVStudy version 1.3.2 (patched).
Individual Provider Network Data: 2020 Quarter 1
The Individual Provider Network Data displays information on individuals participating in health plan networks from January through March 2020. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by the Department of Health, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans. For more information, please visit https://pndslookup.health.ny.gov.
Registro activos de información - MinAgricultura
Registro activos de información de acuerdo a lo estipulado en la Ley 1712 de 2014. Concepto del registro de Activos de Información. Ministerio de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural
2013 - 2014 DOE High School Performance-Directory
Performance of NYC High Schools
ANM RUCOM Explotador Minero Autorizado-Título Minero
Es el acto administrativo escrito (documento) mediante el cual se otorga el derecho a explorar y explotar el suelo y el subsuelo minero de propiedad de la Nación
Causas de Morbilidad por enfermedades No Transmisibles
Estas son las principales causas de morbilidad en el municipio de roncesvalles tolima.
TAX 12-2012 Tobacco Tax Collections
Tobacco Tax Collections
AARC Calendar
Data for the Asian American Resource Center web calendar
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo de pastos, en el departamento de Cesar.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras a escala 1:100.000, para la formulación del Plan de Ordenamiento Productivo y Social de la Propiedad Rural, así como la realización del Análisis Hidrológico para generar soluciones de Irrigación para zonas y sectores productivos estratégicos en el departamento del Cesar. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de pastos. Categorias: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de pastos.
Groundwater Chemistry in Ramotswa, Botswana - Groundwater Chemistry
Groundwater chemistry measurements from boreholes in October 2016, November 2016, January 2017, and February 2017 (nitrate, fecal coliforms, alkalinity, dissolved oxygen, pH, dissolved organic carbon, sulfate, chloride, ammonium, sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, iron, manganese). All concentrations in mg/L. More methods description at link below. Chemistry analyzed at WaterLab in Pretoria, South Africa; fecal coliforms were analyzed at Water Utility Corporation lab in Gaborone.
Traffic Signal Inventory - Cameras Detail
Detail list of Cameras used by the TMC to assist in Traffic.
City of Evanston Wards
Dataset includes shapefile of Wards and alderman current as of 2019.
WDFW Juvenile Trap Sites
WDFW Juvenile salmonid trap locations active and inactive
CANTIDAD DE INFRACCIONES IMPUTADAS 2DO SEMESTRE 2017
Cantidad de infracciones imputadas del 2do semestre 2017 en el Municipio de Copacabana
Data on food consumption in Zinder and Maradi in Niger: Section 6
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the sixth spreadsheet of tenin the Data on food consumption in Zinder and Maradi in Niger.
CPS 4.4 Adoption - Disabling Conditions of Children in Adoption Placements by Region with Demographics FY2010-2019
This chart counts the number of unique children in DFPS custody who lived in an adoptive placement at some point during the fiscal year.  Children in DFPS custody are those for whom a court has appointed DFPS legal responsibility through temporary or permanent managing conservatorship or other court ordered legal basis.   An adoptive placement occurs when the child's caseworker, the family's case manager, and the adoptive family sign paperwork officially placing the child in the home for adoption. Before the paperwork can be signed, a child must be free for adoption (meaning a court has terminated parental rights), have a permanency goal of adoption and the family must have been approved for adoption through a licensed child placing agency.  Children may have more than one disabling condition.   Drug/Alcohol disabling condition can either be due to self-abuse or exposure to an individual with the condition.   Other includes teen parent or pregnant teen.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for more information about DFPS and our programs.
ESQUEMA DE PUBLICACION DE INFORMACION
Es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3 de la ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma”.
Public Assistance (PA) Caseloads and Expenditures: Beginning 2002
These data are monthly listings of cases, recipients, adults, children and expenditures in the Family Assistance and Safety Net Assistance Programs.
Alert Marin Emergency Notification Registrations
Registrations for emergency alert information in Marin County, using the Alert Marin notification system.  Data includes number of households in each zip code, and number of registrations, and some percentage registration numbers.   The Adjusted Percent of Households column reflects that more than one person may have signed up per household.  So 99% is assumed for any zip codes whereby the number of registrations is greater than the number of households.  There cannot be more households signing up than there are households.  The numbers per zip code are adjusted for the Marin County portion of any zip codes that extend beyond the County boundary.  Data is collected calendar quarterly starting with the first quarter of 2020.
Tacoma City Council Committees
The Tacoma City Council created the standing committees to explore new policy recommendations and develop recommendations to the full City Council.  Each Council Committee is composed of four Council Members and an alternate appointed by the Mayor and confirmed by the Council, and each chair and vice-chair are selected by their respective committee.
Late Night Preferential Runway Use
The preferred departing runways from 1:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. are 10L/R, 01L/R or 28L/R with an immediate right-turn when safety, weather and traffic permits.  This reduces aircraft noise in residential communities surrounding the airport as over water-departure procedures directs aircraft over the bay. This dataset provides the amount of aircraft late night departures by runways.  The percent of departures are calculated based on the month's total departures.
Trade Capacity Building Database 2017 Dataset
This is the data generated from the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) annual surveys on behalf of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) to identify and quantify the U.S. Government's trade capacity building (TCB) activities in developing countries and transitional economies. This dataset contains the results of that survey including funding levels for the period FY1999-FY2017, with revisions to the 1999-2016 data.
7420P_Children and Family Services
Performance measures dataset
ARCHIVED - RCCL 3.2 Non-Abuse/Neglect Investigations With Deficiency by County FY08- FY17
Residential Child Care Licensing (RCCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Información Contratos licitación pública Alcaldía  Municipal de Chia   vigencia   2017
Información Contratos licitación pública Alcaldía  Municipal de Chia   vigencia   2017
Sentencias Etnicas
Muestra el listado de Sentencias en el marco de los Decretos Ley 4633 y 4635 de 2011 sobre la restitución de territorios étnicos.
New York State Enacted Budget Capital Appropriations: 2018-2019
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the FY 2019 Enacted Budget
FY16 BID Trends Report Data
Business improvement district (BID) program/service output and expense data from FY16
Street Space Permit Report for SFMTA
List of all Street Space permits issued by Public Works and Building Inspection created specifically for SFMTA reporting purposes.  This data set goes back to the start of the previous fiscal year which starts on July 1.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of November 2017.</p>
EMS - Quarterly Clinical Measures - Trauma Alert
This table contains data describing ATCEMS management of Trauma Alert patients.  In this setting, “Trauma Alert” refers to injured patients who meet Physiological or Anatomical criteria for transport to a Trauma Center per City of Austin/Travis County EMS System Clinical Operating Guidelines.
PQRSF
Informe acerca de los resultados obtenidos mediante la recolección de información en las encuestas de Satisfacción al Usuario, así como de las Peticiones, Quejas, Reclamos, Sugerencias y Felicitaciones, tramitadas ante el Sistema de Información y Atención al Usuario SIAU.
Spending - FTE
The San Francisco Controller's Office maintains a database of actual citywide staffing data from fiscal year 2003 forward. This data is presented on the Spending and Revenue report hosted at http://openbook.sfgov.org, and is also available in this dataset in CSV format. New data is added on a weekly basis.
State of New York Mortgage Agency (SONYMA) Target Areas by Census Tract
Listing of SONYMA target areas by US Census Bureau Census Tract or Block Numbering Area (BNA).  The State of New York Mortgage Agency (SONYMA) targets specific areas designated as ‘areas of chronic economic distress’ for its homeownership lending programs. Each state designates ‘areas of chronic economic distress’ with the approval of the US Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). SONYMA identifies its target areas using US Census Bureau census tracts and block numbering areas. Both census tracts and block numbering areas subdivide individual counties. SONYMA also relates each of its single-family mortgages to a specific census tract or block numbering area.  New York State identifies ‘areas of chronic economic distress’ using census tract numbers. 26 US Code § 143 (current through Pub. L. 114-38) defines the criteria that the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development uses in approving designations of ‘areas of chronic economic distress’ as: i) the condition of the housing stock, including the age of the housing and the number of abandoned and substandard residential units, (ii) the need of area residents for owner-financing under this section, as indicated by low per capita income, a high percentage of families in poverty, a high number of welfare recipients, and high unemployment rates, (iii) the potential for use of owner-financing under this section to improve housing conditions in the area, and (iv) the existence of a housing assistance plan which provides a displacement program and a public improvements and services program.  The US Census Bureau’s decennial census last took place in 2010 and will take place again in 2020. While the state designates ‘areas of chronic economic distress,’ the US Department of Housing and Urban Development must approve the designation. The designation takes place after the decennial census.
EPH6 Urban Runoff FINAL
impervious area and total acreage treated
DOHMH New York City Restaurant Inspection Results
The dataset contains every sustained or not yet adjudicated violation citation from every full or special program inspection conducted up to three years prior to the most recent inspection for restaurants and college cafeterias in an active status on the RECORD DATE (date of the data pull). When an inspection results in more than one violation, values for associated fields are repeated for each additional violation record.  Establishments are uniquely identified by their CAMIS (record ID) number. Keep in mind that thousands of restaurants start business and go out of business every year; only restaurants in an active status are included in the dataset.   Records are also included for each restaurant that has applied for a permit but has not yet been inspected and for inspections resulting in no violations. Establishments with inspection date of 1/1/1900 are new establishments that have not yet received an inspection. Restaurants that received no violations are represented by a single row and coded as having no violations using the ACTION field.   Because this dataset is compiled from several large administrative data systems, it contains some illogical values that could be a result of data entry or transfer errors. Data may also be missing.   This dataset and the information on the Health Department’s Restaurant Grading website come from the same data source.  The Health Department’s Restaurant Grading website is here:   http://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/services/restaurant-grades.page  See the data dictionary file in the Attachments section of the OpenData website for a summary of data fields and allowable values.
Apoyos económicos a estudiantes
Datos de los apoyos económicos compensados, transporte y comedor y valores recibidos por los estudiantes
2006 - 2012 Math Test Results - Charter Schools
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of math for grades 3 through 8. Data reflects Charter Schools.
2017- 2018 Class Size Report City Middle School And High School Core Average Class Size
2017- 2018 Class Size Report City Middle School And High School Core Average Class Size
Strategic Measure_Number and Percentage of instances where people access court services other than in person and outside normal business hours (e.g. phone, mobile application, online, expanded hours) – Municipal Court
The dataset supports measure S.D.4.a of SD23.  The Austin Municipal Court offers services via in person, phone, mail, email, online, in the community, in multiple locations, and during non-traditional hours to make it easier and more convenient for individuals to handle court business. This measure tracks the percentage of customers that utilize court services outside of normal business hours, defined as 8am-5pm Monday-Friday, and how many payments were made by methods other than in person.  This measure helps determine how Court services are being used and enables the Court to allocate its resources to best meet the needs of the public. Historically, almost 30% of the operational hours are outside of traditional hours and the average percentage of payments made by mail and online has been over 59%.  View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/c7z3-geii  Data source: electronic case management system and manual tracking of payments received via mail. Calculation: Business hours are manually calculated annually. - A query is run from the court’s case management system to calculate how many monetary transactions were posted. S.D.4.a: Numerator: Number of payments received by mail is entered manually by the Customer Service unit that processes all incoming mail. S.D.4.a Denominator: Total number of web payments is calculated using a query to calculate a total number of payments with a payment type ‘web’ in the case management system. Measure time period: Annual (Fiscal Year) Automated: No Date of last description update: 4/10/2020
2015 Fort Collins City Employee Earnings
Annual City employee earnings for calendar-year 2015. Earnings figures are those taxed by Medicare.  This dataset cannot be directly combined with previous- or future- year earnings because it doesn't account for title changes or other job status changes. Further, the data represents paid amounts rather than stated salaries – i.e. if an employee worked March-December of a given year, the data reflects 10 months of compensation for the year.
Registro de operadores autorizados para operar en los atractivos ecoturisticos de la Macarena
Cada año se realiza el registro de empresas operadoras nuevas o antiguas ante CORMACARENA para operar los atractivos reglamentados por la entidad en el Municipio de la Macarena, dado que CORMACARENA ha venido trabajando conjuntamente con Parques Nacionales Naturales en la regulación de la actividad eco-turística desarrollada en caño cristales particularmente, teniendo en cuenta el impacto generado sobre el ecosistema que lo caracteriza
Informe MERCOSUR N° 20 (2014-2015)
El Informe MERCOSUR Nº 20 (julio de 2014-julio de 2015) analiza el panorama macroeconómico y los flujos comerciales y de inversión de los países del Mercado Común del Sur (MERCOSUR), así como también los rasgos principales de la agenda interna y externa del bloque. Se incluye un capítulo especial dedicado a la relación de los países miembros con China.    <br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/43te-gt9p</b></br></br>
Casos Notificados Sivigila con  Corte Semana 45 2016 Municipio Ibague
Eventos notificados al sistema de vigilancia epidemiologica SIVIGILA, con corte a la semana 45 de 2016
Historic Context Statements
This data includes the City’s Adopted Historic Context Statements, reviewed and adopted by the Historic Preservation Commission.  Historic Context Statements  provide background history of particular neighborhoods, themes, or cultures and tie this history to sites within the built environment. These statements help planners in the identification, evaluation, interpretation, and designation of historic sites related to a particular history.  For more information please see https://sfplanning.org/resource/historic-context-statements
Detalle de convenios territoriales con contratos derivados
Detalle de convenios territoriales con contratos derivados
Vital Signs: Snapshots - Dashboard
VITAL SIGNS  This dataset is used for the Snapshots feature on the www.vitalsigns.mtc.ca.gov homepage. Visit the Data Center to download data and source information for individual indicators.  LAST UPDATED September 2018  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov
City Council Roll Call Votes 2016-2017
The dataset contains vote results for all City Council agenda items in which a roll call vote was taken, starting in January of 2016 and ending in December of 2017.     The Cambridge City Council uses two different voting methods: voice votes and roll call votes. During a voice vote, all those in favor of a motion verbally vote “yes” simultaneously, and then all those opposed vote “no” simultaneously. During a roll call vote, each Councilor votes “yes” or “no” in turn. Voice votes are more common and are not recorded in this dataset. The Council tends to rely on roll call votes for City Manager’s agenda items related to fiscal and budgetary topics (e.g., how much money to allocate to a department or program). Please read the limitations section of this metadata form to avoid misinterpretations of the data.     To learn more about Council meeting operations, please refer to the Rules of the City Council: http://www.cambridgema.gov/~/media/Files/citycouncil/20162017rulesofthecitycouncil.ashx    To learn more about the parliamentary voting procedures generally, please refer to Robert’s Rules of Order:   http://www.rulesonline.com/rror-08.htm
NYCgov Poverty Measure Data (2006)
American Community Survey Public Use Micro Sample, augmented by NYC Opportunity.    This file contains poverty rates and related data from the NYCgov poverty measure data. The NYCgov poverty measure is generated annually by the poverty research unit of the Mayor's Office of Economic Opportunity (NYC Opportunity). The data is derived from the American Community Survey Public Use Microsample for NYC, augmented by NYC Opportunity to include imputed estimates for benefit participation and some household expenditures. For information on how the NYCgov poverty rate is constructed see http://www1.nyc.gov/site/opportunity/poverty-in-nyc/poverty-measure.page.    DISCLAIMER:</b> Do not use the visualization tool with this data set.  This data set is unweighted.  See “Read Me” page in data dictionary for correct use of person and household weights.  Visualizations generated from this file will result in incorrect distributions of the data.    For the list of all NYCgov Poverty Measure Data datasets available on the portal please use <a href=https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?tags=nycgov%20poverty%20measure&sortBy=alpha>this link.</a>
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH30 B124 POST-VIETNAM ERA VETERANS’ EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAR2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM to provide educational assistance to persons entering the Armed Forces after December 31, 1976, and before July 1, 1985; to assist persons in obtaining an education they might otherwise not be able to afford; and to promote and assist the all volunteer military program of the United States by attracting qualified persons to serve in the Armed Forces. The participant must have entered on active duty on or after January 1, 1977, and before July 1, 1985, and either served on active duty for more than 180 continuous days receiving an other than dishonorable discharge, or have been discharged after January, 1, 1977 because of a service-connected disability. Also eligible are participants who serve for more than 180 days and who continue on active duty and have completed their first period of obligated service (or 6 years of active duty, whichever comes first). Participants must also have satisfactorily contributed to the program. (Satisfactory contribution consists of monthly deduction of $25 to $100 from military pay, up to a maximum of $2,700, for deposit in a special training fund.) Participants may make lump-sum contributions. No individuals on active duty in the Armed Forces may initially begin contributing to this program after March 31, 1987.</p>
TPC- Colectivo de empresas Rutas Transcolombia
Histórico Enero 2014 - Junio 2019, Capacidad transportadora Empresa Transcolombia, por pasajeros, distancia promedio, y frecuencia promedio  de Transporte Colectivo del Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Energy Profile in Colorado 2014
Data collected to measure success of implementing Smart Grid, and other quick facts about Colorado’s national ranking for energy use, production and efficiencies. Compiled in 2014 from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL).
Tacoma Senior Centers
The City of Tacoma owns and operates two senior activity centers, Beacon Activity Center in the downtown area and Lighthouse Activity Center on the east side. The centers provide a comprehensive array of programs designed to improve and maintain health, stimulate learning, and provide socialization, recreational, and volunteer opportunities for people age 50 and older.  For more information, visit the Tacoma Seniors website at https://www.cityoftacoma.org/government/city_departments/neighborhood_and_community_services/human_services_division/senior_centers
Natural Areas LA County
Classifies gross area of documented natural areas across LA County. CalVeg only covers 69% of LA County and therefore the National Gap Analysis Project data must be combined to cover the remaining 31% of LA County.
Waste/Recycling Streams List
A classification/grouping system of Waste/Recycling material and a listing of Waste/Recycling Depots that handle the stream.    A Stream entry can appear more than once due to the fact that more than one Depot can handle that particular Stream.
2018 School Quality Report Results for PreK
New York City Department of Education 2018 School Quality Report Results for PreK. The Quality Review is a process that evaluates how well schools are organized to support student learning and teacher practice. It was developed to assist New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) schools in raising student achievement by looking behind a school’s performance statistics to ensure that the school is engaged in effective methods of accelerating student learning.
Education - Knowledge Activities
Providing research, analysis and technical assistance is a vital part of the World Bank's contribution to development. These services aim to assist member governments in their adoption of better policies, programs and reforms that can lead to greater economic growth and poverty reduction through Analytical and Advisory Assistance.
Municipal Fiscal Statistics - Financial Condition Indicators
Thirteen financial condition indicators are produced by the Department which provide a general picture of a municipality's financial condition.
Mozambique Cell Phone Savings Project Baseline Survey 2014
Smallholders in rural Mozambique are typically characterized by low agricultural productivity, which is in part caused by very low levels of input usage. In the study area, four districts of Nampula province, farmers are generally far from towns where agricultural input providers are based and formal banking services are not available. Lacking these services, smallholders typically face liquidity constraints during the planting season when returns to input usage are the highest. In order to explore potential policy solutions to this challenge, the project combined training and incentives to use mobile money technology alongside targeted input marketing visits to promote formal saving strategies and increase take-up of basic inputs, primarily seeds, and fertilizer. The goal of the pilot project was to determine whether combining group-level trainings in mobile money technology with targeted direct marketing could increase input usage, and consequently boost agricultural productivity. In collaboration with Vodacom, IFPRI organized a series of trainings, first at the individual level with farm group leaders carried out in Nampula city in June 2014. This was followed by group trainings at local sites to which all farm group members were invited in July-August 2014. Input marketing visits were carried out by a local input provider, IKURU from October 2014-January 2015.
Social Services Monthly Seniors Meal Counts
This dataset tracks the number of congregate and home delivered meals provided to seniors per month.
FOIA Request Log - Law
FOIA requests received by Law as of May 1, 2010
Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) Codes Current by County Federal
This is a listing of Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) codes for each of the 67 counties in Pennsylvania.   Information gathered from census data -  https://www.census.gov/geo/reference/codes/cou.html  For more technical details :     Federal Information Processing Standards Publications (FIPS PUBS) are issued by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) after approval by the Secretary of Commerce pursuant to Section 111 (d) of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 as amended by the Computer Security Act of 1987, Public Law 100-235.     Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 6-4, Counties and Equivalent Entities of the U.S., Its Possessions, and Associated Areas -- 90 Aug 31 , provides the names and codes that represent the counties and other entities treated as equivalent legal and/or statistical subdivisions of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the possessions and freely associated areas of the United States. Counties are considered to be the "first-order subdivisions" of each State and statistically equivalent entity, regardless of their local designations (county, parish, borough, etc.).
Code Enforcement All Hearings
Code Enforcement All Hearings.
Salt Lake School District Sage Scores 2014
Salt Lake School District Sage Scores 2014
A Picture - Indicator 29, Figure 33
Number of ACT young people under community-based supervision by gender, 2012–17.  Source: AIHW 2017, Youth Justice in Australia, 2016–17, Table S52b.  Note: Trend data may differ from those previously published due to data revisions.
Edmonton Area Air Quality Readings (Historical)
This dataset provides historical parameter values for stations in the Edmonton Region as determined by the Alberta Capital Airshed.  The data is collected via a web service provided by the Alberta Environment and Parks.
Sedes Educativas Del Departamento De Caldas
Sede educativas del departamento de Caldas
Indicadores de La Calidad del Agua Acueducto Santa Isabel Municipio de Chivatá
Se hace un monitoreo permanente de la calidad del agua en los diferentes acueductos del Municipio.
Central Office Managed Partnership Data Table
This data represents central office managed partnership Organization details for school year 2016-2017.
Distribution Of Utah Coal By Destination And End Use T2.17 2006
Distribution Of Utah Coal By Destination And End Use T2.17 2006
Deceased Veterans By Branch Of Service Utah 1840-2014
Deceased Veterans By Branch Of Service Utah 1990-2014
CPS 1.8 FBSS - Families Receiving Family Preservation Services on August 31 FY2010-2019
Family Preservation Services are services provided to the child and the family where the caregiver retains legal custody.   This chart provides a snapshot of how many families were open to services on the final day of the fiscal year.  If a family had two family preservation stages open on August 31, they are counted twice.   NOTE:  Family Preservation Services is under the umbrella of Family Based Safety Services (FBSS).
2014 General - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
November 2014 general election; final/official results by precinct.
2014 Census - Population By Single Year Of Age And Gender (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2014.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Tiempo De Traslado y Distancia a municipios cercanos Tota Boyaca.
Tiempo de traslado, tipo de transporte, distancia en kilómetros desde el municipio hacia los municipios vecinos, Municipio de Tota, Boyacá, 2017
Residential dwellings
Data collected as part of the City of Melbourne's Census of Land Use and Employment (CLUE). The data covers the period 2002-2019. The dwelling data is based on the Council's property rates database, using a simplified classification schema of Residential Apartment, House/Townhouse and Student Apartment. The count of dwellings per residential building is shown.   For more information about CLUE see http://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/clue
Bono Alimentario
Ayudas humanitarias brindadas por bono alimentario por mes
Home Health, Hospice, SNF, IRF and LTCH Provider Table, CY 2017
The Post-Acute Care and Hospice Utilization and Payment PUF presents summarized information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries by home health agencies, hospices, skilled nursing facilities (SNFs), inpatient rehabilitation facilities (IRFs), and long-term care hospitals (LTCHs). It contains information on demographic and clinical characteristics of beneficiaries served, professional and paraprofessional service utilization, submitted charges, and payments at the provider, state, and national levels. Additionally, the PUF includes payment information at the payment system level for home health agencies, SNFs, and IRFs.
Human Resources Report
The City of Winnipeg’s Human Resources dataset represents information on our former and current complement of employee’s.  Reports are generated on an annual basis based on our active complement as of December 31st, each calendar year.  Metrics are currently being supplied by City, by Union and by Department on an annual basis.  In the future we may expand our dataset to include prior years, alternate viewing types and a number of new metrics.    Due to FIPPA legislative requirements our Departments and/or Union Groups have been rolled up where  the head count is less than 10.  If a metric was being displayed that could lead to the identification of an individual it has been removed.    Exclusions:  The City of Winnipeg HR Dataset does not include any employees of the Winnipeg Civic Employees’ Benefits program.
Central Business District Cordon Count 2018
Every year in May, The City conducts the Central Business District (CBD) cordon count. The cordon count is performed at 31 locations around the CBD over a four week time period, collecting data on how people travel into and out of downtown Calgary. The CBD cordon circles the downtown with the Bow River to the north and the railway tracks to the south and from 11 Street in the west to the Elbow River in the east. These data represent the total number of persons entering (inbound) and exiting (outbound) at each location, by modes, during a 16 hour time period. This raw dataset is NOT normalized to average weekday. It is a snapshot of the inbound and outbound activity on a single day at these locations and reflects conditions specific to that day such as construction, lane closures, weather, etc. Therefore, data may not be directly comparable between locations or years.  *Attachment is a summary of the inbound and outbound totals and mode of travel.* For additional information see <a href="http://www.calgary.ca/Transportation/TP/Pages/Planning/Transportation-Data/Central-Business-District-Cordon-Count.aspx">Central Business District Cordon Count</a>.
2016 Census - Population by Structure Type and Length of Residence (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
DSS Assistance Type Participation CY 2012-2019
Number of active recipients who received benefits of a certain assistance type in that calendar year. A recipient may have received benefits of multiple types in the same year; if so that recipient will be included in multiple categories in this dataset (counted more than once.) For privacy considerations, a count of zero is used for counts less than five. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed:     1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016.     2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 11/30/2018 the counts were revised because of a change in the way active recipients were counted in one source system.
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2012
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2012
NCHS - Drug Poisoning Mortality by State: United States
This dataset describes drug poisoning deaths at the U.S. and state level by selected demographic characteristics, and includes age-adjusted death rates for drug poisoning.   Deaths are classified using the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD–10). Drug-poisoning deaths are defined as having ICD–10 underlying cause-of-death codes X40–X44 (unintentional), X60–X64 (suicide), X85 (homicide), or Y10–Y14 (undetermined intent).  Estimates are based on the National Vital Statistics System multiple cause-of-death mortality files (1). Age-adjusted death rates (deaths per 100,000 U.S. standard population for 2000) are calculated using the direct method. Populations used for computing death rates for 2011–2017 are postcensal estimates based on the 2010 U.S. census. Rates for census years are based on populations enumerated in the corresponding censuses. Rates for noncensus years before 2010 are revised using updated intercensal population estimates and may differ from rates previously published.  Death rates for some states and years may be low due to a high number of unresolved pending cases or misclassification of ICD–10 codes for unintentional poisoning as R99, “Other ill-defined and unspecified causes of mortality” (2). For example, this issue is known to affect New Jersey in 2009 and West Virginia in 2005 and 2009 but also may affect other years and other states. Drug poisoning death rates may be underestimated in those instances.  REFERENCES 1. National Center for Health Statistics. National Vital Statistics System: Mortality data. Available from: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/deaths.htm.  2. CDC. CDC Wonder: Underlying cause of death 1999–2016. Available from: http://wonder.cdc.gov/wonder/help/ucd.html.
Statewide Cohort Graduation Rates: 2009-2013
This dataset contains the Connecticut's four year adjusted cohort graduation rates years 2009-2013. Data are disaggregated by subgroups including race/ethnicity, special education, free and reduced price lunch eligibility, and English language learner (ELL) status.
Datos Basicos EPS Municipio Armero Guayabal
Listado de EPS Municipio de Armero Guayabal
Managed Care Regional Consumer Guide
The Managed Care Consumer Guide data provides information about the quality of care for different health plans as well as people's opinions about the care and services plans provide. This information will help consumers choose a managed care plan that meets their health care needs and the needs of his or her family.
2015 - 16 School Safety Report
Since 1998, the New York City Police Department (NYPD) has been tasked with the collection and maintenance of crime data for incidents that occur in New York City public schools. The NYPD has provided this data to the New York City Department of Education (DOE). The DOE has compiled this data by schools and locations for the information of our parents and students, our teachers and staff, and the general public.  In some instances, several Department of Education learning communities co-exist within a single building. In other instances, a single school has locations in several different buildings. In either of these instances, the data presented here is aggregated by building location rather than by school, since safety is always a building-wide issue. We use “consolidated locations” throughout the presentation of the data to indicate the numbers of incidents in buildings that include more than one learning community.
Home for All
OOSHA Measure K Performance - Copy
CSAP School And District Summary Results 2010
CSAP standardized testing school and district summary results for 2010 data. This report includes Math, Reading, Writing and Science subject results.
YourMoney Active Pension Members
The data file reflects data for employees who are active members in a state pension system as reported by the employer. It lists the salary eligible for pension credit for the four most recent calendar quarters reported as well as attributes that describe the status of the member for pension purposes. Additional information is in the attached dataset summary PDF (available on the [About] tab under "Attachments").
Apoyo bienestar por genero 2019-1
Genero de los estudiantes que reciben apoyo e incentivos por parte de bienestar universitario
MTA.Stop-Signs
A. SUMMARY Stop signs located at each intersection node.  B. METHODOLOGY  Stop sign legislation information is taken from MTAB legislation. Stop sign implementation information is taken from SSD Shops Reports and then parsed via python code. Implementation for stop signs will specify where signs are installed or removed, and the work order that the sign installation/removal was spec'd in.   C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  Updated four times a year at the end of each quarter.
Families in Poverty, 2016
Families in Poverty, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B17024, B17010.
Indice de información reservada y clasificada
Indice de información reservada y clasificada
2010-2014 Evanston Percentage of Living Wage Households
Number of total households in Evanston compared to the percentage of households meeting/exceeding the living wage.  Threshold living wage income for Evanston calculated to be $50,000.
Bronx 311 Plow/Salt requests
Locations of areas that needed to be re-plowed and/or slated during/after a snow event
DOCENTE POR DEDICACION 2019-2
Dedicación en horas, medios tiempos y Tiempos completos para los docentes catedráticos, ocasionales y planta de la Universidad del Quindio en el periodo 2019-2
Dodoru Market Grain Prices
Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics in Abuja, Nigeria on monthly prices for select markets in Kebbi State, Nigeria for January 2000 to December 2016.
C-3A And C-3B, Sources of Income, C and S Corporations
This dataset contains corporate tax statistics for C and S corporations based on corporate tax returns.
Tourism Nova Scotia Fixed Roof Accommodations
Number of room nights sold among licensed accommodations operators and occupancy rate (%). The dataset is broken down by regions of Nova Scotia. Data is reported monthly.
NNDSS - Table I. infrequently reported notifiable diseases
NNDSS - Table I. infrequently reported notifiable diseases - 2017.  In this Table, provisional cases of selected infrequently reported notifiable diseases (<1,000 cases reported during the preceding year) are displayed.      Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in these tables are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnote:  —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA: Not available. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.     * Case counts for reporting year 2017 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2012 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.     † This table does not include cases from the U.S. territories. Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.     § Calculated by summing the incidence counts for the current week, the 2 weeks preceding the current week, and the 2 weeks following the current week, for a total of 5 preceding years. Additional information is available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/5yearweeklyaverage.pdf.    ¶ Updated weekly reports from the Division of Vector-Borne Diseases, National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases (ArboNET Surveillance). Data for West Nile virus are available in Table II.     ** Not reportable in all jurisdictions. Data from states where the condition is not reportable are excluded from this table, except for the arboviral diseases and influenza-associated pediatric mortality. Reporting exceptions are available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/downloads.html.    †† Data for Haemophilus influenzae (all ages, all serotypes) are available in Table II.    §§ In 2016, the nationally notifiable condition ‘Hepatitis B Perinatal Infection’ was renamed to ‘Perinatal Hepatitis B Virus Infection’ and reflects updates in the 2016 CSTE position statement for Perinatal Hepatitis B Virus Infection.    ¶¶ Please refer to the MMWR publication for weekly updates to the footnote for this condition.     *** Please refer to the MMWR publication for weekly updates to the footnote for this condition.     ††† Data for meningococcal disease (all serogroups) are available in Table II.    §§§ Novel influenza A virus infections are human infections with influenza A viruses that are different from currently circulating human seasonal influenza viruses.  With the exception of one avian lineage influenza A (H7N2) virus, all novel influenza A virus infections reported to CDC since 2011 have been variant influenza viruses.  Total case counts are provided by the Influenza Division, National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD).    ¶¶¶ Updated weekly from reports to the Division of STD Prevention, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and TB Prevention.    **** Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers". Beginning in 2015, NNDSS has been updated to receive data for each of
Municipal Court - Time to Disposition
This dataset describes the time to dispose of or otherwise resolve court cases assigned to City of Mesa Municipal Court. Visit https://www.azcourts.gov/Portals/27/CourtServices/CaseProcessingStandardsProject/AZCaseProcessingTimeStandardsSummaryChart03222018.pdf for Arizona Case Processing Time Standards Summary Chart. Note that Mesa Municipal Court does not handle all case types listed.
OD0020 Provincial Parks Campground Occupancy
Site nights available and sold by year for all the Provincial Parks Campgrounds
Aboriginal Lands of Alberta Legislative Boundaries
Please review the "Open Government Licence - Canada" (https://open.canada.ca/en/open-government-licence-canada) as well as our Terms of Use (https://data.edmonton.ca/stories/s/City-of-Edmonton-Open-Data-Terms-of-Use/msh8-if28/) as both apply to this dataset.   Also to note, the terminology used in this dataset is used federally to describe reserves, and are used throughout the "Indian Act" which is the federal legislation governing First Nations and reserves (https://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/I-5/).  The below is from Government of Canada's Aboriginal Lands of Canada Legislative Boundaries:  "The Aboriginal Lands of Canada Legislative Boundaries web service includes legislative boundaries of Indian Reserves, Land Claim Settlement Lands (lands created under Comprehensive Land Claims Process that do not or will not have Indian Reserve status under the Indian Act) and Indian Lands. More specifically it includes the following lands: 1) Indian Reserves that include: 1.1) surrendered lands or a reserve, as defined in the Indian Act (this definition excludes Indian Settlements and Indian Communities); and 1.2) Sechelt lands, as defined in the Sechelt Indian Band Self-Government Act, chapter 27 of the Statutes of Canada, 1986; 2) Land Claim Settlement Lands that include: 2.1) Category IA land or Category IA-N land, as defined in the Cree-Naskapi (of Quebec) Act, chapter 18 of the Statutes of Canada, 1984 (category 1B and category II Lands are excluded from this definition); 2.2) Settlement land, as defined in the Yukon First Nations Self-Government Act, and lands in which an interest is transferred or recognized under section 21 of that Act (only Yukon First Nations Settlement Lands, which were surveyed and the survey plan recorded, are included in the map service); 2.3) Inuit Owned Lands as defined in the Agreement between the Inuit of the Nunavut Settlement Area and Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada given effect and declared valid by the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement Act (it includes all parcels that have been surveyed and those that do not require a survey (this includes the islands)); 2.4) Gwich’in Lands as defined in the Gwich’in Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement, given effect and declared valid by the Gwich’in Land Claim Settlement Act; 2.5) Inuvialuit Lands as defined in the Western Arctic (Inuvialuit) Claims Settlement Act; 2.6) Sahtu Lands as defined in The Sahtu Dene and Métis Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement given effect and declared valid by the Sahtu Dene and Métis Land Claim Settlement Act; and 2.7) Tlicho lands, as defined in the Tlicho Agreement, given effect and declared valid by the Tlicho Land Claims and Self-Government Act; 3) Indian Lands that include: 3.1) Lands in the Kanesatake Mohawk interim land base, as defined in the Kanesatake Mohawk Interim Land Base Governance Act, other than the lands known as Doncaster Reserve No. 17."
Directorio de Áreas y Dependencias de la Alcaldía Municipal de Ocaña, Norte de Santander
Directorio telefónico y de contactos de las áreas y dependencias de la Alcaldía Municipal de Ocaña, Norte de Santander.
Shotspotter Data 8-16-15 To 9-15-15
PRR 11288 Shotspotter Data
Drainage - Network Structure Polygons
Polygons indicating spatial extent of each network structure in the storm drainage network within unincorporated Pierce County. Not a component of the network. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpubw_swnetworkstructurepoly.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Food Establishment Inspections
Public Health Inspectors operate under the Alberta Public Health Act to ensure compliance with the province's Food Regulation. Under the Food Regulation, restaurant inspections occur prior to the opening of a new facility, every four to six months thereafter or more often if non-compliance with the regulation has been identified. Consumer complaints are also investigated, and an inspection may be conducted under special circumstances, such as a food recall.  https://ephisahs.microsoftcrmportals.com/disclaimer/restaurantinspections/
Listado de usuarios publicadores del portal de datos abiertos del estado colombiano
Este conjunto de datos está al servicio de la estrategia de mejoramiento y actualización de datos del portal. A través del mismo las entidades y organizaciones que publican datos en el portal podrán gestionar sus usuarios con el fin de mantenerlos actualizados. Así mismo la ciudadanía podrá buscar las entidades y organizaciones con usuarios vigentes al igual que si respectivo correo de contacto
2018-2019 School Demographic Snapshot
School-level student demographic and enrollment data from 2014-15 through 2018-19
Capital Investment Program Plan Expenditures to Date
Project expenditures from inception to date.
Nova Scotia Assessment Results by Year and Board - Reading and Writing in Grade 6
Provides assessment results for Reading (scaled score and performance level) and Writing (performance level for four components of writing) for each year assessment has been administered. Consult plans.ednet.ns.ca for more information on the assessments.
SITUACION DIAGNOSTICA DE ABASTO DE AGUA POR CORREGIMIENTOS Y VEREDAS DEL DEL AREA RURAL DEL MUNICIPIO DE SANTIAGO DE CALI HASTA  JULIO 2018
conjunto de datos que muestran la situación de abasto en los corregimientos de Cali, con las características que tienen cada corregimiento
2016-2017 Student Discipline Annual Report - AGE
Student discipline annual report aggregated by age.
Reserva de Cupos
Listado Estudiantes Antiguos, Pre matriculados, Trasladados y Retirados, Verificados en el SIMAT. Gobernacion Huila
IPS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE EL BANCO MAGDALENA
Este conjunto de Datos, contiene información de los actores del sistema general de seguridad social en salud, del municipio de El Banco, Magdalena, referente a IPS.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada FOGACOOP
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada FOGACOOP
Mosquito Management Program
To show the treatment activity of the Mosquito Management Program by helicopters and ground vehicles.  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/environmental_stewardship/public-notice-of-pesticide-programs.aspx
Forestry Tasks
Tasks are specific actions that are sub-components of a Work Order.  Some work, such as that performed by in-house crews, require at least one task for the purposes of accounting for labor hours.  Tasks are typically used to indicate remaining work for jobs that did not get completed in one session (1 day).    User guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PVPWFi-WExkG3rvnagQDoBbqfsGzxCKNmR6n678nUeU/edit?usp=sharing  Data dictionary: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yMfZgcsrvx9M0b3-ZdEQ3WCk2dFxgitCWytTrJSwEAs/edit?usp=sharing
Rates of TBI-related Emergency Department Visits, Hospitalizations, and Deaths - United States, 2001 – 2010
In general, total combined rates for traumatic brain injury (TBI)-related emergency department (ED) visits, hospitalizations and deaths have increased over the past decade.  Total combined rates of TBI-related hospitalizations, ED visits, and deaths climbed slowly from a rate of 521.0 per 100,000 in 2001 to 615.7 per 100,000 in 2005.  The rates then dipped to 595.1 per 100,000 in 2006 and 566.7 per 100,000 in 2007.  The rates then spiked sharply in 2008 and continued to climb through 2010 to a rate of 823.7 per 100,000.  Total combined rates of TBI-related hospitalizations, ED visits, and deaths are driven in large part by the relatively high number of TBI-related ED visits.  In comparison to ED visits, the overall rates of TBI-related hospitalizations remained relatively stable changing from 82.7 per 100,000 in 2001 to 91.7 per 100,000 in 2010.  TBI-related deaths also decreased slightly over time from 18.5 per 100,000 in 2001 to 17.1 per 100,000 in 2010.  Note that the axis scale for TBI-related deaths appears to the right of the chart and differs from TBI-related hospitalizations and ED visits.Go to http://www.cdc.gov/traumaticbraininjury/data/index.html to view more TBI data & statistics.
Correctional Services Custodial Facilities - Adults/Youth, and Correctional Services Community Corrections Offices
This dataset lists the location of provincial correctional facilities for youth and adults, and community corrections offices.
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN ALCALDIA DE CARACOLI ANTIOQUIA
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN ALCALDIA DE CARACOLI ANTIOQUIA
Disease Cases and Outbreaks by Year and County
This dataset provides information on cases and outbreaks for diseases in Iowa by year and county.  Counties are only included where reports have been filed.
ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN
Registro de activos de información, donde el ciudadano puede saber a que información puede acceder ya que publica y en caso de estar en la web en enlace donde se encuentra publicada.
Homicidios, casos y tasas 2018
Homicidios, casos y tasas 2018
Mintic- Estudio de identificación de brechas de capital humano para el sector TIC (Slide 5- Parte 1)
Identificación brecha de pertinencia sobre 373 cargos TIC (referidos por 149 empresas ubicadas en:  Antioquia, Atlántico, Bogotá, Eje Cafetero, Santander y Valle del Cauca)
Afiliados Regimen Contributivo Por Grupo De Edad Y Sexo, 1er Semestre 2017
Afiliados Regimen Contributivo Por Grupo De Edad Y Sexo, 1er Semestre 2017
ICA Historico
Indice de Calidad del agua (ICA) en el área metropolitana de Bucaramanga
School Nutrition Programs – Meal Reimbursement Information – Program Year 2017-2018
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b>meal reimbursement for sites participating in school nutrition programs for program year 2017-2018.</b> The school nutrition program year begins July 1 and ends June 30.<p> <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new data by November 1 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and at one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
A Picture - Indicator 29, Figure 32
Number of ACT young people under community-based supervision by Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander status, 2008–17.  Source: AIHW 2017, Youth Justice in Australia, 2016–17, Table S46b.  Note: Trend data may differ from those previously published due to data revisions.
Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: 2014 Part D Prescriber
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Part D Prescriber Public Use File (PUF), with information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP). The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name. For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost. The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.    Although the Part D Prescriber PUF has a wealth of information on payment and utilization for Medicare Part D prescriptions, the dataset has a number of limitations. Of particular importance is the fact that the data may not be representative of a physician’s entire practice or all of Medicare as it only includes information on beneficiaries enrolled in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program (i.e., approximately two-thirds of all Medicare beneficiaries). In addition, the data are not intended to indicate the quality of care provided. For additional limitations, please review the methodology document in the About tab.
Predictors and outcomes of perinatal HIV transmission in the PMTCT program: Dataset
This data asset is for a retrospective study of all the HIV-exposed infants and their mothers identified between October 2012 and September 2013 at 10 USAID/SUSTAIN (Strengthening Uganda’s Systems for Treating AIDS Nationally)-supported regional referral hospitals in Uganda. The project conducted this study to better understand the predictors of MTCT to design effective strategies to eliminate MTCT HIV transmission. The following were the study objectives:    1. Determine the 24 months incidence of MTCT HIV transmission and loss to follow-up among HIV exposed children in regional referral hospitals;  2. To determine factors associated with MTCT among HIV exposed infants at Regional Referral Hospitals in Uganda;  3. To determine re-testing rates among HIV exposed infants who test negative at 1st PCR.
Playing Courts
“Playing Courts" are outdoor areas of land covered in a resilient surface surrounded by a wall/boundary designed to facilitate organized and unorganized recreation that are owned or maintained by Strathcona County.  These areas are commonly courts with designated boundaries for particular activities such as tennis or basketball, but can also allow general recreation.  The bounds of the playing court area are designated by Strathcona County and are always within a 'Park'.  This data set includes courts for basketball, tennis, pickleball, bocce, and similar items.  It does not include soccer fields, playgrounds, or spray parks.
Speed Survey Data - 2017
The City collects speed data from a number of locations across the entire city. The devices used to collect this speed data are referred to as speed survey equipment. To read more about the devices used, please follow this link:   http://mhcorbin.com/Products/Product-Detail/Article/43/NC350-BlueStar-Traffic-Analyzer  In order to align data that is collected by the speed survey equipment and the Driver Feedback Signs (DFS), the following has been done:  - Data has been aggregated into in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are aligned with the program settings for DFS units that collect data from roadways with the same speed limit - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  Data represented in this dataset was collected in 2017 Data represented in this dataset is not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, due to the aggregating factor and the alignment of speed ranges to that of DFS units. Speed survey equipment has a minimum detectable speed of approximately 8 km/hr (which does not align with DFS units which has a 6 km/hr minimum detectable speed) Speed survey equipment has a maximum detectable speed of approximately 193 km/hr (which also does not align with DFS units which has a 225 km/hr maximum detectable speed) Speed survey equipment is not programmable (i.e. there are no parameter settings based on the speed limit or a timed schedule as to how to record the data)
Innovation Zones
Areas in San Mateo County that have a Smart Communities project
Matriz Esquema de Publicación de Información Ministerio del Interior
Es el inventario de la información que el sujeto obligado genera, obtiene, adquiere, transforma con su correspondiente esquema de Publicación
DIRECTORIO DE LA RED DE BIBLIOTECAS PUBLICAS DE CALI
Directorio de la Red de bibliotecas Públicas de Cali, detalladas por Nombre, Barrio, Comuna, Dirección, Nodo y correo electronico
Hospitales Y Centros De Salud Del Municippio De Palmira
Conjunto de Datos de Hospitales y Centros de Salud del Municipio de Palmira, Valle del Cauca
2015-2017 Historical Daily Attendance By School
Daily listing (counts) of students registered, present, absent and released by School DBN.
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS DEL MUNICIPIO DE MÁLAGA
información de las instituciones educativas del municipio de Málaga
Organizaciones de víctimas de Casanare
Este conjunto de datos contiene la información de las organizaciones de víctimas del departamento de Casanare.  Para reportar hallazgos, comentarios o sugerencias, puede escribirnos por medio de los siguientes mecanismos: https://apps.casanare.gov.co/correspondencia/pqrs sistemas@casanare.gov.co victimas@casanare.gov.co
A-G Completion (Readiness for UC System)
The measurement is percent of students by race/ethnicity who have met the California A-G requirements by the end of high school. There are two components to the requirement: 1) Students must enroll in the right sequence of A-G courses, and 2) They must obtain a grade of “C” or better in each required course. Data includes only OUSD students (not charter or private schools) who have graduated.
Muni Sidewalks and Trails Snow Plowing
Chart of miles of sidewalks and trails plowed.
Cantidad de cupos por programa ofertado 2-2019
Cantidad de cupos por programa ofertado para el segundo semestre de 2019 para la UPTC
Abbreviations
Definitions of abbreviations found throughout the PTSD-Repository.
Capital Budget
This dataset contains capital appropriation data by project type, budget line and source of funds.  Amounts are in whole dollars.  Data is created three times per year for the Preliminary Budget, Executive Budget and Adopted Budget to match appropriation numbers in the Capital Budget publication.
Population by Gender Pierce County
Annual Estimates of the Resident Population by gender.  ACS 5 -Year Survey (DP05).
Old Vendor Payment Data
This data set is being maintained to support the several views created from it. The newest vendor data ca be found in the data set at https://data.vermont.gov/Finance/Vermont-Vendor-Payments/786x-sbp3
Positions
This dataset lists all employee positions (civilian regular authority, commissioners, as-needed, etc) by budgetary department, program, and fund, dating back to Fiscal Year 2012.
Establecimientos comerciales
Listado de establecimientos dedicados al comercio de bienes y servicios.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del municipio de Miranda Cauca-2
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas del municipio de Miranda Cauca.
IAF EDTIF Performance Measures GOED 2014
This data set contains performance measures for the EDTIF (Economic Development Tax Incentive Fund) program for FY 2014.
Administrator And Teacher Salary And Benefits District 2008
Administrator And Teacher Salary And Benefits District 2008
Permanent Count Station Traffic Counts
This dataset comprises directional traffic counts collected at the City of Winnipeg’s permanent count stations. Each station utilizes a dual side-fire microwave radar sensor, which is installed adjacent to the roadway and faces perpendicular to the directions of travel.
Oportunidad de Asignación De Citas Abril 2019
Este conjunto de datos muestra la oportunidad de asignación de citas de la E.S.E. Hospital San Rafael de Tunja
Business Rules PUF - 2014
The Business Rules PUF (BR-PUF) is one of the seven files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The BR-PUF contains plan-level data on the application of rates, such as allowed relationships (e.g., spouse, dependents) and tobacco use. These data either originate from the Business Rules template (i.e., template field), an Excel-based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
Drug and Alcohol Treatment Get Help Now Intake Hotline November 2016 - Current County Drug and Alcohol Programs
This dataset reports county numbers of intakes by individuals seeking treatment from hotline staff since the inception of Pennsylvania’s Get Help Now Hotline, text line, and chat line in November 2016.  When a field is blank the information is not available; these data were not collected at the time of the phone call.
Parks and Playgrounds
This dataset provides information about Norfolk's parks, open spaces, community centers and other city properties.  The data details both active and passive recreational opportunities including playgrounds, dog parks, ball fields, basketball courts and many others.    This data will be updated twice a year, in January and July.
Fiber and Cameras
Fiber, Conduit and Camera Data fro the City of Dubuque
School Location
This dataset displays the location, address, and contact information for public and private schools in East Baton Rouge Parish.
Plano Employment Turnover
This data set contains information from the City of Plano's Human Resources Department on employment.
Police Response to Resistance – 2019
Police Response to Resistance – 2019
Colegio de procedencia de los matriculados por primera vez 2019-1
Colegio de procedencia de los matriculados por primera vez en la Universidad
Average Monthly SNAP Benefit By State 2010-2014
Average Monthly SNAP Benefit By State 2010-2014
Indicador de Producción Decreto 2193 Vigencia 2019. Hospital Departamental de Villavicencio
Contiene el Indicador de producción del Decreto 2193 de 2004 de la Vigencia de 2019, correspondiente a la E.S.E Hospital Departamental de Villavicencio
Total Property Insurance Premiums Written Annually in New York: Beginning 1998
Listings of total direct written premiums for insurers authorized to write Property & Casualty lines of business in New York State.  These insurers are required under Article 41 of the New York Insurance Law to meet minimum financial security requirements.
Casos de Tuberculosis Pulmonar - SIVIGILA - Municipio de Medellín 2016
Registro de pacientes atendidos en las Instituciones Prestadoras de Servicios de Salud con diagnóstico confirmado de Tuberculósis Pulmonar y notificados al SIVIGILA 2016
Contratos de primer trimestre de 2016 en Abejorral
Relación de contratos de las entidades públicas en el municipio de Abejorral en el primer trimestre del año 2016.
Southeast Expenditure T7 Data 1999
Telephone data collected from a random digit dial survey of households asking questions similar to the intercept and followup telephone data of anglers.  A series of expenditure surveys have been done both regionally and nationally. Expenditures on trips by mode (for-hire, private boat, and shore) were collected for both residents and non-residents of each state, and annual expenditures on durable goods were collected by resident status. Expenditures were collected both as an add-on to the intercept, and a followup phone survey with those who completed the intercept and a separate random sample of households.
Municipal Areas / Zones municipales
Municipal polygons are a graphical representation of the Municipal boundaries as defined in the Municipalities Regulation - Municipalities Act and have an associated place name attribute. / Les polygones des municipalités sont une représentation géographiquedes limites municipales, telles qu'elles sont définies dans la Loi sur les municipalités – et ils sont associés à un attribut de nom de lieu.
Eventos de Salud Vigencia 2012-2015 Pamplona
eventos de salud de la vigencia 2012 a2015 del municipio de pamplona
Points of Interest
The Points of Interest (POI) Dataset is a digital representation of the physical geographic and commercial features across all of Santa Clara County. This dataset aims to provide accurate location information in the map. Sources: Info USA (2010), California Department Of Education (2016), Santa Clara County Combined data (2016).
MDAg Technical Assistance
Financial support for Soil Conservation Districts by source (federal or state monies) and type (staff or operating costs). Data is summarized by county for years 1995-2017.
2015 Water Main Breaks
Water main breaks by type per month in 2015.
Street Closures due to construction activities by Intersection
DOT Street Closure data identifies locations in the New York City Street Closure map where a street is subject to a full closure, restricting through traffic, for the purpose of conducting construction related activity on a City street. Details about DOT construction permits can be found at Street Works Manual, http://streetworksmanual.nyc/.  Full Closure Permits are issued for a period of time during which the street may be closed to through traffic for only a portion of the time, and open at other times.    Additional information regarding which part of the street and during which period of time it is fully closed is included only on the permit itself.
Property Standards Violations
Details of property standards violations reported to Metro Codes over a rolling three-year period.
Dashboard Other Products Sales w/Weight Daily
This report shows the sum of all retail sales for solid edibles (22), liquid edibles (23), MEFIs (24), Topicals (25), MJ Mix Packaged (30), and MJ Mix Infused (31), including the sum of sales for that day.
Insect Records in the City of Melbourne (from Little Things that Run the City)
Insect Records in the City of Melbourne from the Little Things that Run the City Project. This data identifies what individual species were found in the Little Things that Run the City Project and is not a count of all species recorded. This data was obtained from Luis Mata, a postdoctoral researcher at RMIT. The data is owned by the City of Melbourne and RMIT. The project started in October 2014 with the first survey of insects for this project in parks and gardens in the City of Melbourne. More surveys were conducted between January and March 2015. Insect species were sorted and identified from April to September 2015. This is the raw data for the report that was published in late 2016.    Some records are lacking information on the species classifcation level, and may have the correct genus information accompanied with a number in the identification notes column - this donates species 1, 2, or 3 of that genus where the species could not be identfiifed. All records lack a species name as this was not provided to the City of Melbourne in the original dataset.
HS Dataset Childreach
Number of developmental screenings provided to tribal children through the ChildReach program.
LISTADO DE CONSEJEROS DE CULTURA Y ÁREAS ARTÍSTICAS
BASE DE DATOS DE CONSEJEROS CON EL SECTOR QUE REPRESENTA.
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2013
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2013
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS201
Driver Feedback Sign DFS201    Latitude: 53.498651  Longitude: -113.546966    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
2018 - 2019 Average Class Size City K8
2018-19 Preliminary Class Size Report School K-8 Average Class Size   General Education and Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) classes and course sections with more than 100 students or fewer than seven students are excluded from this report, as are self-contained courses with fewer than two students
Feed the Future Senegal: Yaajeende Mother's Group Data
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact that the Feed the Future Nutrition-led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal (known as "Yaajeende") has had on reducing malnutrition and poverty in its intervention area.    This report details the findings, conclusions and recommendations of a mixed-methods quasi-experimental final impact evaluation (FIE) of the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) $50 million, seven-year Feed the Future Nutrition-Led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal, known as “Yaajeende.” The National Cooperative Business Association’s Cooperative League of the USA (NCBA CLUSA) implemented the project. To combat poverty and child malnutrition, Yaajeende sought to accelerate the participation of the very poor in rural economic growth and improve the four dimensions of food security: availability, access, utilization and stability. Yaajeende worked in 790 villages across 49 municipalities (“communes” in French) and nine departments in the Matam, Tambacounda, Kédougou and Kolda regions. The project’s implementation period was November 1, 2010, to September 30, 2017.    The FIE aims to provide USAID with an evidence base on the impacts of the nutrition-led agriculture (NLA) approach that the project utilized on its key objectives, including reduced poverty and malnutrition. The findings are expected to provide accountability and learning value to USAID, including both the Senegal Mission and USAID/Feed the Future. Additional stakeholders include the Government of Senegal, implementing partners and other agencies, donors and practitioners active in nutrition, health, agriculture and integrated sectors.
Portable Fire Extinguisher License
Companies that have a Portable Fire Extinguisher License to do Annual Servicing, Recharge, and/or Hydro Test for each Calendar Year.
DIRECTORIO OFICINAS ALCALDIA MUNICIPAL DE PUERTO LOPEZ
DIRECTORIO OFICINAS ALCALDIA MUNICIPAL DE PUERTO LOPEZ
Utility Energy Registry Monthly County Energy Use: Beginning 2016
The Utility Energy Registry (UER) is a database platform that provides streamlined public access to aggregated community-scale utility-reported energy data. The UER is intended to promote and facilitate community-based energy planning and energy use awareness and engagement. On April 19, 2018, the New York State Public Service Commission (PSC) issued the Order Adopting the Utility Energy Registry under regulatory CASE 17-M-0315. The order requires utilities under its regulation to develop and report community energy use data to the UER.     This dataset includes electricity and natural gas usage data reported at the county level. Other UER datasets include energy use data reported at the city, town, and village, and ZIP code level.      Data in the UER can be used for several important purposes such as planning Community Choice Aggregation (CCA) programs, developing community greenhouse gas emissions inventories, and relating how certain energy projects and policies may affect a particular community.  It is important to note that the data are subject to privacy screening and fields that fail the privacy screen are withheld.    The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) offers objective information and analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise, and support to help New Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and accelerate economic growth. reduce reliance on fossil fuels. To learn more about NYSERDA’s programs, visit nyserda.ny.gov or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, or Instagram.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS057
Driver Feedback Sign DFS057  Latitude: 53.444683 Longitude: -113.517305  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Desarrollo Humano por Macroprocesos 2018-1
Estadisticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
ESTABLECIMIENTOS INTERNACIONALES ACONDICIONADORES DE MEDICAMENTOS CERTIFICADOS CON BUENAS PRÁCTICAS DE MANUFACTURA
En este listado se consolidan los establecimientos internacionales que cuentan con certificación en Buenas Prácticas de Manufactura vigente, para el acondicionamiento de medicamentos
Matriculados 1_2019_UPTC
Reporte estudiantes matriculados en el primer semestre del 2019 en la UPTC
Misdemeanor Jail Inmate Housing
*Due to billing disputes, the updating of this dataset is on hold pending resolution. Please check back regularly. Regretfully, we do not have an ETA as to when this will be resolved* Misdemeanor jail inmate housing (incidents by location, month, fiscal year) beginning from fiscal year 2011/2012, and includes information relating to those individuals housed at CoreCivic beginning July 2017. No individually identifiable information is included in this data extract.  This data will be posted one month behind when the period closes due to the data collection process.
Prevention Agenda 2019-2024 Tracking Indicators: County Most Recent Data
There are two datasets related to the County Level Prevention Agenda Tracking Indicators posted on this site. Each dataset consists of county level data for 70 health tracking indicators and sub-indicators for the Prevention Agenda 2019-2024: New York State’s Health Improvement Plan.  A health tracking indicator is a metric through which progress on a certain area of health improvement can be assessed.  The indicators are organized by the Priority Area of the Prevention Agenda as well as the Focus Area under each Priority Area. The data sets also include indicators about major cross-cutting health outcomes and about health disparities. Each dataset includes tracking indicators for the five Priority Areas of the Prevention Agenda 2019-2024.  The most recent year dataset includes the most recent county level data for all indicators. The trend dataset includes the most recent county level data and historical data, where available. Each dataset also includes the Prevention Agenda 2024 state objectives for the indicators. Sub-indicators are included in these datasets to measure health disparities among socioeconomic groups.
EJECUCIÓN GASTOS A SEPTIEMBRE 2019
EJECUCIÓN GASTOS A SEPTIEMBRE 2019
Feed the Future Senegal: Yaajeende Revenue Data
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact that the Feed the Future Nutrition-led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal (known as "Yaajeende") has had on reducing malnutrition and poverty in its intervention area.    This report details the findings, conclusions and recommendations of a mixed-methods quasi-experimental final impact evaluation (FIE) of the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) $50 million, seven-year Feed the Future Nutrition-Led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal, known as “Yaajeende.” The National Cooperative Business Association’s Cooperative League of the USA (NCBA CLUSA) implemented the project. To combat poverty and child malnutrition, Yaajeende sought to accelerate the participation of the very poor in rural economic growth and improve the four dimensions of food security: availability, access, utilization and stability. Yaajeende worked in 790 villages across 49 municipalities (“communes” in French) and nine departments in the Matam, Tambacounda, Kédougou and Kolda regions. The project’s implementation period was November 1, 2010, to September 30, 2017.    The FIE aims to provide USAID with an evidence base on the impacts of the nutrition-led agriculture (NLA) approach that the project utilized on its key objectives, including reduced poverty and malnutrition. The findings are expected to provide accountability and learning value to USAID, including both the Senegal Mission and USAID/Feed the Future. Additional stakeholders include the Government of Senegal, implementing partners and other agencies, donors and practitioners active in nutrition, health, agriculture and integrated sectors.
Leukemia
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Registro de Activos de Información
Registro general de activos de información de la Empresa de Aseo de Pereira S.A.S.
glexport
Monthly Spending and operating budget by department
NW 58th St Greenway at 22nd Ave NW Bicycle Counter
The counters consist of two small tube sensors stretching across the street, which are attached to a small metal counting box made by Eco-Counter. The tubes only count people riding bikes. They are very accurate and designed to be used on greenways.
Directorio de HOTELES - QUINTAS - CABAÑAS - FINCAS del Municipio de Melgar - Tolima
Información Básica de las HOTELES - QUINTAS - CABAÑAS - FINCAS del Municipio de Melgar - Tolima
Directory Of Unsheltered Street Homeless To General Population Ratio 2012
"Ratio of Homeless Population to General Population in major US Cities in 2012.   *This represents a list of large U.S. cities for which DHS was able to confirm a recent estimate of the unsheltered population.   Unsheltered estimates are from 2011 except for Seattle  and New York City (2012) and Chicago (2009).  All General Population figures are from the 2010 U.S. Census enumeration."
Section K Perceptions
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
Información al turista
Información de los sitios de interés general para turistas y visitantes del municipio de Apía
NNDSS - TABLE 1U. Legionellosis to Listeriosis
NNDSS - TABLE 1U. Legionellosis to Listeriosis - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Property Legal Descriptions
Legal Descriptions for parcels in King County
311 Performance Metric - Interaction By Channel
Total interactions by channel by year and month.  Channel Type Domain: Mail In, Self Service, Social Media, Voice In, e-mail In  Records begin January 2013.
SANDAG Crime Data
SANDAG provides an annual report on crime in the San Diego region.  This dataset contains data from the 2009 through 2018 editions of the report.  Some data for previous years reports is updated with new editions. "San Diego County" includes all cities and unincorporated areas in San Diego County.  "Sheriff - Total" includes the contract cities and the unincorporated area served by the San Diego County Sheriff's Department.  California and United States data come from the FBI's Annual Crime Reports.
Claimants By County (All Programs)
∙ The number of claimants is based on the number of individuals that certified for Unemployment Insurance (UI) benefits specifically for  the week containing the 12th of the month.   For example, the March 2010 figures are based on the number of claimants that submitted a continued claim form to receive UI benefits specifically for the week beginning March 7th through March 13th.  Data for the survey week is not available until approximately two months past the survey week (e.g. March 2010 figures were not available until May 2010).												 ∙ The data by county represents the mailing address given by the claimant at the time of filing for UI.  It is possible that an individual can reside in a different county than their mailing address.  Also, this information does not represent the county where the individual worked.  It is also possible that a claimant could have moved or changed their mailing address after filing for UI which would not be reflected here.  Data for claimants residing outside of California but collecting benefits are not included in these figures nor are invalid addresses in California where a county cannot be determined.												 ∙ The data by month is not additive as individuals can receive benefits in multiple months.												 ∙ Data includes the regular UI program and the federal extended benefit programs.  The Federal extended benefit programs are:												 ∙ Emergency Unemployment Compensation (EUC) Tier 1 - California began paying benefits in July 2008. 												 ∙ Emergency Unemployment Compensation (EUC) Tier 2 - California began paying benefits in January 2009, payments retroactive to November 2008. 												 ∙ Emergency Unemployment Compensation (EUC) Tier 3 - California began paying benefits in December 2009, payments retroactive to November 2009. 												 ∙ Emergency Unemployment Compensation (EUC) Tier 4 - California began paying benefits in January 2010, payments retroactive to December 2009. 												 ∙ FED-ED - California began paying benefits May 2009, payments retroactive to February 2009.
South End-Small-Business-Data
Data provided by the Community & Small Business Development Division of Development Services.  Updated Annually.
City University of New York (CUNY) Enrollment Trends by College: Beginning Fall 1990
Trends in enrollment at CUNY by college and enrollment category (transfers, freshmen, graduates, undergraduates, total).
Pavement Condition Index
Overall average condition of roadways, measured annually.
Estudiantes Nuevo Ingreso UPR 2013
Datos de Estudiantes de Nuevo Ingreso en la UPR por tipo de Escuela Publica/Privada
Cooling Degree Days In Utah T7.1 1960-2012
Cooling Degree Days In Utah T 7.1 1960-2012
NCHS - VSRR Quarterly provisional estimates for selected indicators of mortality
Provisional estimates of death rates. Estimates are presented for each of the 15 leading causes of death plus estimates for deaths attributed to drug overdose, falls (for persons aged 65 and over), human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) disease, homicide, and firearms-related deaths.
Libraries - 2018 Holds Placed  by Location
Patrons may place holds on desired materials either online or by contacting any CPL location. Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic closures to perform facilities upgrade or emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence Branch closed due to a fire in 2015. Whitney Young has been closed since November 2017 for major renovations. Woodson Regional Library reopened after a major renovation in February 2018.
Urban Growth Boundaries
Urban Growth and Comprehensive Urban Growth Boundary arcs for Pierce County designated by ordinance. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_urban_growth_boundaries.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
RTSQ
Public Land Survey System range/township/section/quartersection grid polygons for Pierce County, used for reference, analysis and presentation. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbparc_plssquartersection.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use. (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf)
Bronx Health Center District points
central points to health center districts in the Bronx
Tasa De Abortos 2010 - 2016
Tasa De Abortos 2010 - 2016
SHIP Early Prenatal Care 2010-2017
Early Prenatal Care - This indicator shows the percentage of pregnant women who receive prenatal care beginning in the first trimester. Inadequate prenatal care services have been linked to higher rates of infant mortality, low birth weight and pre-term deliveries. While Maryland as a whole ranks better than the National average and the Healthy People 2020 Target, disparities still exist. Due to the change in methodology for collecting information on the Maryland birth certificate, data collected in 2010 and after are not comparable to data collected in earlier years.
City of Saint Paul Affirmative Action Plan List
This is a list of all businesses that are currently registered with the City of Saint Paul as having an Affirmative Action Plan on file.
Veterans Health Administration 2008 Hospital Report Card - Patient Safety
<p>Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset defines if the facility has met the Joint Commission Patient Safety Standards and in which year they were surveyed.</p>
ASISTENCIA HONORABLES REPRESENTANTES SESIONES PLENARIAS
Contiene la asistencia mensual a Sesiones Plenarias, de los Honorables Representantes a la Cámara, convocadas por la Corporación para el actual Periodo Constitucional.
Austin Public Health Diabetes Self-Management Education Participant Demographics 2015-2017
This dataset includes demographic information, diabetes status, health indicators, health behaviors, and Problem Areas in Diabetes (PAID) scores for participants of Austin Public Health's Diabetes Self-Management Education Program. Blank cells mean missing data (no information provided by participant).
Heart Disease Mortality Data Among US Adults (35+) by State/Territory and County
2014 to 2016, 3-year average. Rates are age-standardized. County rates are spatially smoothed. The data can be viewed by gender and race/ethnicity. Data source: National Vital Statistics System. Additional data, maps, and methodology can be viewed on the Interactive Atlas of Heart Disease and Stroke http://www.cdc.gov/dhdsp/maps/atlas
EMS - FY2017 Special Operations Incidents
** Static Data Set ** This table shows Special Operations incidents for Fiscal Year 2017. It has been uploaded to support the ATCEMS FY2017 annual report.
Outpatient and Ambulatory Surgery Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (OAS CAHPS) survey for ambulatory surgical centers - Facility
A list of ambulatory surgical center ratings for the Outpatient and Ambulatory Surgery Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (OAS CAHPS) survey. The data are updated and reported each quarter with data from the most recently completed quarter replacing the oldest quarter of data. The data reporting period is included in the tables.
Directory Of NYC Cable Providers
List of Cable Service Providers in New York City
CorStat - Homeless Outreach Results
Details of the homeless outreach results from work performed by CityNet and the City of Corona. Outreach Contacts, Client Engagement, Street Exits, and Societal Cost Savings are updated on a monthly basis.
Matrículas de Instituto Bachillerato Técnico Industrial
Archivo que contiene número de matrículas para el Instituto de Bachillerato Técnico Industrial, (IBTI), de la ETITC.
State Park And Visitation Totals 2004
State Park And Visitation Totals 2004
Proyectos Silvopastoriles - DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ
Información relacionada con el sector lácteo del departamento de Boyacá en el cual se incluyen actividades de los sistemas silvopastoriales, con el fin de lograr una producción ganadera sostenible.    Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Bronx Parking Locations and Regulations
This dataset contains the street location of specific parking regulations. Refer to NYC.gov and look up the regulation code to get detailed information on the regulations that pertain to a specific street. Fields for location define the street that is being referenced.
SFEC Form 113 - Important Notice for Initiative, Recall and Referendum Petitions - Filings
The proponent of any petition that is circulated to qualify a measure for the ballot must inform the Ethics Commission that the proponent has begun to circulate the petition.  The notification must occur within one business day of the first date that the petition is circulated.  This dataset contains electronic notification filings made as February 26, 2020.
Report Card Teacher Ratio Program Certificate
This file includes Report Card teacher information around teacher-student ratios, teacher assignments by program, and teacher certificate types for the 2017-18 and 2018-19 school years. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level. Ratio information includes teacher and student head counts, average class size, teacher-to-student ratio, student-to-teacher ratio, and teacher-to-student ratio as a percent. Program information includes count and percent of teachers by head count and program as well as by FTE assignment. Certificate information indicates the count and percent of teachers by certificate type and by limited certificate subcategories. Please review the notes below for more information.
Social Vulnerability Index 2018 -  United States, county
ATSDR’s Geospatial Research, Analysis & Services Program (GRASP) created Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Social Vulnerability Index (CDC SVI or simply SVI, hereafter) to help public health officials and emergency response planners identify and map the communities that will most likely need support before, during, and after a hazardous event.   SVI indicates the relative vulnerability of every U.S. Census tract. Census tracts are subdivisions of counties for which the Census collects statistical data. SVI ranks the tracts on 15 social factors, including unemployment, minority status, and disability, and further groups them into four related themes. Thus, each tract receives a ranking for each Census variable and for each of the four themes, as well as an overall ranking.  In addition to tract-level rankings, SVI 2018 also has corresponding rankings at the county level. Notes below that describe “tract” methods also refer to county methods.
AmeriCorps NCCC Deployments
The AmeriCorps NCCC and FEMA Corps deployments detail where AmeriCorps NCCC teams are serving across the country as well as which organizations, efforts, and initiatives they are currently supporting. Deployments are up to date snapshots of national service in action. Please share with others about the great service provided by AmeriCorps NCCC teams.
Anchorage Crime Data by Type and Year UCR 1985-2015
UCR Crime Data for Anchorage  Current crime data at Crime Mapper https://communitycrimemap.com/?address=Anchorage,+AK
Average Salary by Job Classification
This Dataset indicates average salary by position title and grade for full-time regular employees. Data excludes elected, appointed, non-merit and temporary employees. Underfilled positions are also excluded from the dataset.  Update Frequency : Annually
Mortandad no clínica 2017
Clasificación de causas de muertes no clínicas para el año 2017, especificando el mes en que sucedió, genero de la víctima y edad.
Water Furnace Geothermal Heat Pumps: Symphony Time Series: April 2015 - November 2016
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  Water Furnace Geothermal Heat Pumps: Symphony Time Series dataset includes both measured and calculated values provided by the Symphony monitoring system. The dataset only includes geothermal heat pump installations in upstate New York beginning as early as April 2015. This dataset was compiled when performing work contracted for and sponsored by the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA).  NYSERDA offers objective information and analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise, and support to help New Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and accelerate economic growth. reduce reliance on fossil fuels. To learn more about NYSERDA’s programs, visit nyserda.ny.gov or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, or Instagram.
RECICLADORES DE OFICIO EN LA CIUDAD DE CALI
Estas son las asociaciones de recicladores que tiene la ciudad de Cali, con sus datos de contacto
Museums in Tacoma
From visual art to history to maritime to automotive to children, Tacoma's museums have you covered.
Mean blood lead levels in children aged 1 to 5 years old, New Jersey, Beginning 2007-2010
Ratio: Sum of blood lead levels in each child aged 1-5 years over total number of children aged 1-5 years     Definition: Mean (average) blood lead levels in children aged 1-5 years    Data Sources: LeadTrax Database, Maternal, Child, and Community Health Services, New Jersey Department of Health
LÍNEAS DE EMERGENCIA ACACIAS META
Información de contacto de las lineas de emergencia del Municipio de Acacias - Meta
Voter Turnout for Mayoral and Presidential Election
Number of people who voted in the Mayoral (2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2017) and Presidential (2000, 2004, 2008, 2012, 2016) elections divided by number of qualified voters who are registered to vote in New Orleans.
Esquema de Publicación de la Información Contraloría Municipal de Villavicencio
Información que por su naturaleza debe ser publicada en la página web de la Entidad para que sea de fácil acceso y pueda ser consultada por las personas que lo requieran.
AWE Learning for Children Program Attendance
Application usage counts by activity and time for AWE Learning applications in Public Libraries. This dataset is updated annually.
Stripper Gas Well Production By State T4.9 2007
Stripper Gas Well Production By State T4.9 2007
Highway Quality in Colorado 2014
Highway segments and the various quality assurance data along with the overall grade, from the 2014 review of the Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT).
SF Development Pipeline 2017 Q2
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly.  For more information please see http://sf-planning.org/pipeline-report
Viviendas Construidas En Macroproyectos
El archivo contiene información por departamento y ciudad, correspondiente al número de viviendas por año, que se han construido en los macroproyectos de interés social nacional adoptados por el Gobierno Nacional, los cuales se encuentran en ejecución con corte al 29 de febrero de 2020.
Matriz cuantitativa Cultivos semestrales Departamento de Sucre 2016
Matriz cuantitativa de los cultivos realizados en el departamento de sucre durante los semestres A y B. del año 2016.
Median Household Income
Median Household Income: The middle value for household income in an area, measured in dollars. (B19013)  Census Tract values are from the ACS 5 Year Survey while County and State values are from the ACS 1 Year Survey.
Senior Recreation Center Facility Usage
Senior Recreation Center facility usage for programs and events, including counts of participation and attendance since FY2013 (October 2012).
BB FY15 APPR Annualization PC FTEs
BB FY15 Approved Annualization_PC_FTEs
Traffic Safety Culture - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic on Traffic Safety Culture. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1095&as=ly5Bo19WX4&t=1    Open from July 25, 2016 to August 3, 2016.    At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6494  Insight Community Members. 1824 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 1824 respondents completed the survey: 1824 Insight Community Members and 0 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Datos de contacto
Datos de contacto de los concejales de la vigencia 2019.
Affordable Housing Need and Availability (2014-2016)
Data describes housing affordability for selected geographies and determines the shortage or surplus of affordable housing by income group was done by CHPC for renter households for years 2014-2016. Deeply Low Income (DLI) is defined as 0-15% of Area Median Income (AMI)  Extremely Low Income (ELI) is defined as 16-30% of AMI  Very Low Income (VLI) is defined as 31-50% of AMI Low Income is defined as 50-80% of AMI Moderate Income is defined as 80-100% of AMI
2006 - 2012 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results - District - Gender
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of English Language Arts for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by district and gender.
CONTRATACION 2017
CONTRATACION VIGENCIA 2017
2015 - OPIF & I OPIF Payments FY2014-2015
2015-New Reporting Topic: A new reporting topic to satisfy SB 515 by the 77th Legislature, Oregon Laws 2015, Chapter 456, requires reporting of the Filmmakers or companies receiving reimbursements and the amount of each reimbursement from the OPIF and iOPIF programs under ORS 284.368. For more information, go to:  http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/TaxExpenditures.aspx.
Tacoma Public Art Tour
The City of Tacoma's public art collection is diverse and pieces can be found incorporated into the fabric of our infrastructure in virtually every neighborhood in Tacoma.
CARACTERÍSTICAS DE LA POBLACIÓN SISBEN
Contiene la base de datos de la población sisben y sus características con corte a febrero de 2017.
Operational Periods Archive for Covid19 EOC Response
Operational Periods 1 through 72 for the Berkeley Emergency Operations Center (EOC) response for the Covid19 event. EOC staff can reference this table to help fill out their ICS 214 activity logs sheets.
2016 Adopted Budget Changes
2016 Adopted Budget Changes
Humedales Municipio de Sopó
Descripción de los humedales ubicados en el Municipio de Sopó
Residential Existing Homes (One-to-Four Units) Energy Efficiency Projects for Households with Income up to 60% State Median Income: Beginning January 2018
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.    IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ DISCLAIMER BEFORE USING DATA. To reduce the energy burden on income-qualified households within New York State, NYSERDA offers the EmPower New York (EmPower) program, a retrofit program that provides cost-effective electric reduction measures (i.e., primarily lighting and refrigerator replacements), and cost-effective home performance measures (i.e., insulation air sealing, heating system repair and replacments, and health and safety measures) to income qualified homeowners and renters. Home assessments and implementation services are provided by Building Performance Institute (BPI) Goldstar contractors to reduce energy use for low income households. This data set includes energy efficiency projects completed since January 2018 for households with income up to 60% area (county) median income.       D I S C L A I M E R: Estimated Annual kWh Savings, Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings, and First Year Energy Savings $ Estimate represent contractor reported savings derived from energy modeling software calculations and not actual realized energy savings. The accuracy of the Estimated Annual kWh Savings and Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings for projects has been evaluated by an independent third party. The results of the impact analysis indicate that, on average, actual savings amount to 54 percent of the Estimated Annual kWh Savings and 70 percent of the Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings. The analysis did not evaluate every single project, but rather a sample of projects from 2007 and 2008, so the results are applicable to the population on average but not necessarily to any individual project which could have over or under achieved in comparison to the evaluated savings. The results from the impact analysis will be updated when more recent information is available. Some reasons individual households may realize savings different from those projected include, but are not limited to, changes in the number or needs of household members, changes in occupancy schedules, changes in energy usage behaviors, changes to appliances and electronics installed in the home, and beginning or ending a home business. For more information, please refer to the Evaluation Report published on NYSERDA’s website at:  https://www.nyserda.ny.gov/-/media/Files/Publications/PPSER/Program-Evaluation/2012ContractorReports/2012-EmPower-New-York-Impact-Report.pdf.    This dataset includes the following data points for projects completed after January 1, 2018: Reporting Period, Project ID, Project County, Project City, Project ZIP, Gas Utility, Electric Utility, Project Completion Date, Total Project Cost (USD), Pre-Retrofit Home Heating Fuel Type, Year Home Built, Size of Home, Number of Units, Job Type, Type of Dwelling, Measure Type, Estimated Annual kWh Savings, Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings, First Year Modeled Energy Savings $ Estimate (USD).
Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report, Calendar Year 2014
The “Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report”, a supplement to the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Physician and Other Supplier data, contains information on utilization, payments (Medicare allowed amount, Medicare payment, standardized Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by NPI. Sub-totals for medical type services and drug type services are included as well as overall utilization, payment and charges. In addition, beneficiary demographic and health characteristics are provided which include age, sex, race, Medicare and Medicaid entitlement, chronic conditions and risk scores.
Queen Anne's County Full and Part Time Jobs By Industry: Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040
Total Jobs by Industry, Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040 in Queen Anne's County by Industry and by Place of Work
ARCHIVED - DCL 3.1 Inspections by Inspection Type and County FY08-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Eastern Sierra Overall Snow Pack
LADWP's measurement of Eastern Sierra Snow Pack for the 2013-2014 Winter Season
Rent Price (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/ixs3-d9k3/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Exceedances of MCLs in Groundwater (2017)
Groundwater contamination data was sourced from reports generated by the GeoTracker GAMA (Groundwater Ambient Monitoring & Assessment) database. Data includes concentrations and approximate locations of 39 historically-prevalent groundwater pollutants in public water system wells. Data includes the percent of wells with concentrations above maximum contaminant levels (MCLs) or comparison concentrations (health-based target values from other sources used where no Federal or State MCLs have been promulgated). Groundwater Basin Name, as well as Assembly and Senate district #s are also included.    Information on MCL or Comparison Concentration type is from the State Water Board website.
Veterans Health Administration Measure Dates
Data collection periods for all measures for VHA hospitals on Hospital Compare.
Plan Anual de Adquisiciones Alcaldía de San José del Guaviare
Listado de los Planes Anuales de Adquisiciones de la Alcaldía Municipal de San José del Guaviare.
Bulky Item Pickups
Bulky item information including date, quantity, description, and pick-up address
Maryland Number Of Retail Establishments: 1997, 2002, 2007,2012
Maryland total number of retail establishments from 1997, 2002, 2007 and 2012. Source from the U.S. Bureau of the Census, 1997, 2002, 2007, 2012 Economic Censuses.
Bronx 311 DOT Street Condition Complaints
DOT condition complaints, 2016-Present
2011 Graffiti Audit
In 2010, Capital City Clean Up initiated a Graffiti Vandalism Audit to assess the amount of graffiti vandalism found in the neighbourhoods in Edmonton with the highest reported incidences of graffiti.  A follow-up audit was completed in 2011 to determine if there were significant changes to the amount of graffiti found.  This data set is result of the 2011 Graffiti Vandalism Audit. You can view the report at: http://www.edmonton.ca/environmental/documents/GraffitiVandalismAudit.pdf
Daily C02 Emissions Utah 2011
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Carbon monoxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
IFC Investment By Product - Annual Summary
IFC continues to develop new financial products that enable companies to manage risk and broaden their access to foreign and domestic capital markets. Our broad suite of investment services can ease poverty and spur long-term growth by promoting sustainable enterprises, encouraging entrepreneurship, and mobilizing resources that wouldn’t otherwise be available. Learn more at http://www1.ifc.org/wps/wcm/connect/CORP_EXT_Content/IFC_External_Corporate_Site/What+We+Do/Investment+Services .  Note:  Dollars in millions, for the year ended June 30. Short-term finance investments are included in figures prior to 2015.
Housing Community Development Performance Measures
Departmental performance measures for the Department of Housing and Community Development
Remates En Colombia
El remates es la venta del derecho de cuota de bienes inmuebles del comunero hecho  en pública subasta por los cuales se trasladan los derechos de este al rematante mediante una providencia judicial.
Strategic Subject List - Historical
The program described below ended in 2019. This dataset is being retained for historical reference.   The information displayed represents a de-identified listing of arrest data from August 1, 2012 to July 31, 2016, that was used by the Chicago Police Department’s Strategic Subject Algorithm, created by the Illinois Institute of Technology and funded through a Department of Justice Bureau of Justice Assistance grant, to create a risk assessment score known as the Strategic Subject List or “SSL.” These scores reflect an individual’s probability of being involved in a shooting incident either as a victim or an offender. Scores are calculated and placed on a scale ranging from 0 (extremely low risk) to 500 (extremely high risk).   Based on this time frame’s version of the Strategic Subject Algorithm, individuals with criminal records are ranked using eight attributes, not including race or sex. These attributes are: number of times being the victim of a shooting incident, age during the latest arrest, number of times being the victim of aggravated battery or assault, number of prior arrests for violent offenses, gang affiliation, number of prior narcotic arrests, trend in recent criminal activity and number of prior unlawful use of weapon arrests.   Please note that this data set includes fields that are not used to calculate SSL, for example, neither race nor sex are used in the Strategic Subject Algorithm. Portions of the arrest data are de-identified on the basis of privacy concerns. The attributes used in the Strategic Subject Algorithm were revised on an ongoing basis during the lifetime of the program.
Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) Collateral Information in Colorado
This dataset includes Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) financing statements, effective financing statements (EFS), and liens. Fields in this dataset include action reference codes and types, farm products and additional collateral information from the Colorado Department of State (CDOS).
Histórico ICFES Abejorral Pruebas saber 11 - año 2014
Datos históricos de los resultados en las pruebas Icfes Saber 11 correspondientes al año 2014 en el municipio de Abejorral - Antioquia
VA-OHE-NVHER-FY13-Diagnoses-Geography
A subset of the FY13 National Veteran Health Equity Report, filtered by geography.  The National Veteran Health Equity Report details patterns and provides comparative rates of health conditions for vulnerable Veteran groups. Specifically, this report is designed to provide basic comparative information on the sociodemographics, utilization patterns and rates of diagnosed health conditions among the groups over which the VHA Office of Health Equity (OHE) has responsibility with respect to monitoring, evaluating and acting on identified disparities in access, use, care, quality and outcomes. The report allows the VA, Veterans, and stakeholders to monitor the care vulnerable Veterans receive and set goals for improving their care.
2015 Central Line-Associated Bloodstream Infections (CLABSI) Table
Oregon hospitals report CLABSIs from all adult and pediatric ICUs, NICUs, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, and medical/surgical wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program.
Public Health Statistics - Births and birth rates in Chicago, by year, 1999 – 2009
This dataset contains the annual number of births and crude birth rate (births per 1,000 residents) with corresponding 95% confidence intervals, by Chicago community area, for the years 1999 – 2009.  See the full dataset description for more information: https://data.cityofchicago.org/api/assets/8C4E8E51-6162-4DF3-9C29-D3F205FA2FB4
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of November 2018.</p>
CAPACIDAD INSTALADA  2018 -ISABU
Capacidad instalada para prestación de servicios de salud del Instituto De Salud De Bucaramanga  a Septiembre de 2018
First Entries Into Foster Care By Age
Rate of first entries into foster care per 1,000 children under age 18, by age group. Rates represent a three-year average of data. First entries into foster care are unduplicated counts of children under the supervision of county welfare departments and exclude cases under the supervision of county probation departments, out-of-state agencies, state adoptions district offices, and Indian child welfare departments. LNE (Low Number Event) refers to data that have been suppressed because there were fewer than 20 children with first entries. N/A means that data are not available. Data Source: Needell, B., et al. (May 2014). Child Welfare Services Reports forCalifornia, U.C. Berkeley Center for Social Services Research. As cited on kidsdata.org, a program of the Lucile Packard Foundation for Children's Health. Retrieved on May 31, 2015.
Station 2 Fire Incidents With Unit Responses 2015
Response time analysis for units responding to Fire and Medical incidents in Station 2 (Saxonville) response area. Analysis of call location for optimal station location.
Trinity River Restoration Potential Fish Size Class Outmigrants
InPort Dataset ID: 20568 InPort Entity ID: 33395 Fish size class outmigrants.
National Summary of Outpatient Hospital Charge Data by APC and primary HCPCS, CY2017
CPT copyright 2016 American Medical Association. All Rights Reserved.  The Outpatient Hospital Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Outpatient Hospital PUF) presents information on comprehensive APC (C-APC) services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient Hospital PUF presents information on the number of beneficiaries, number of APC services, hospitals' average total estimated submitted charges, the average Medicare allowed charges (which includes Medicare regular provider payments and beneficiary cost-sharing payments), the average Medicare regular provider payments, the number of APC services with outlier payments, and the average Medicare outlier provider payments among those services for 60 C-APC Groups and their primary HCPCS paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for calendar year (CY) 2017. The estimated average charges and the average Medicare payments are provided at the individual hospital level. The actual charges at an individual hospital for an individual service within these APC groups may differ.
Women, Infants, Children (WIC) Vendor Information
The WIC Vendor Listing is compiled and published to provide WIC Participants with readily identifiable locations they can use to cash their WIC Benefits. The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC) offers nutrition education, breastfeeding support, referrals and a variety of nutritious foods to low-income pregnant, breastfeeding or postpartum women, infants and children up to age five to promote and support good health.  WIC improves the health of pregnant women, new mothers and their infants and children. The foods provided through WIC are a good source of nutrients often missing from the diets of women and young children. WIC participants have longer, healthier pregnancies and fewer premature births.
MetroAnnual18Test
Exports from Metropolitan Statistical Areas for 2018
State of CT: Open Expenditures - Ledger
This data allows citizens to view who received payments from the state for goods or services and how much they received. The data can be explored by searching for specific payee names or by browsing by Government Function. The Open Checkbook app( http://opencheckbook.ct.gov) allows the user to drill down from aggregated spending accounts all the way down to each individual payment to a payee.     The  data is updated nightly and therefore reflects current spending activities more accurately than any other publicly available source. In general the data reflects all payments made up to 24 to 48 hours prior to view.    Certain payee names have been removed in order to protect the privacy of individuals, in accordance with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) regulations or where the information is otherwise protected by law.     Redacted information includes:  •Payees who are statutorily protected  •Information that would lead to violating HIPAA laws  •Information of Minors
New York State Enacted Budget Appropriations (Non-Capital): 2019-20
This data set includes appropriation, reappropriations and workforce levels as they related to the FY 2020 Enacted Budget.
MCBS COVID-19 Summer 2020 Supplement
The MCBS COVID-19 Summer 2020 Supplement is a nationally representative, cross-sectional telephone survey of persons who were continuously enrolled in Medicare from the beginning of 2020 and alive and living in the community in Summer 2020, fielded from June 10, 2020 through July 15, 2020. These data are complemented by additional MCBS Community interview data already collected in Fall 2019 on beneficiaries’ health status and demographics as part of the in-person, nationally representative, longitudinal MCBS survey. The MCBS is sponsored by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and directed by the Office of Enterprise Data and Analytics (OEDA). <p> <b>ANALYTIC NOTE:  </b> The Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey sample is designed to produce national estimates of the Medicare population.  The use of the <b>analytic weights</b> in this PUF ensures that the estimates <b><u>accurately</b></u> reflect the Medicare population. <b>Failure to use analytic weights provided in the PUF to analyze the data will result in estimates that may misrepresent characteristics of Medicare beneficiaries</b>. For a full explanation of the use of survey weights on the Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey and analytic examples please see our tutorial on weighting and variance estimation located here:  <a href=https://www.cms.gov/research-statistics-data-and-systemsresearchmcbsdata-briefs/mcbs-advanced-tutorial-weighting-and-variance-estimation>https://www.cms.gov/research-statistics-data-and-systemsresearchmcbsdata-briefs/mcbs-advanced-tutorial-weighting-and-variance-estimation</a>. The PUF includes a full-sample weight (CPWSWGT) and a set of 100 replicate weights (CPWS001—CPWS100).  The full-sample weight is the primary weight used to ensure that the Medicare population is appropriately represented when producing point estimates.  The replicate weights are used for variance estimation under the Balanced Repeated Replication (BRR) method.
Puntos de Acceso Wifi del Municipio de La Dorada
Los puntos de Acceso Wifi -PAW  son espacios en los que los ciudadanos pueden acceder al servicio de Internet Gratuito desde sus dispositivos móviles.
Monthly Board Checkbook Summaries
The checkbook summaries located below are copies of the Claims and Officers report presented to and approved by the County Board each meeting. This means the reports run one month behind. For example, if you are looking for January 2012 information, you would have to check the February 2012 Claims and Officers Report.    These reports have a variety of information on them. They include a monthly summary of expenses by line item, various revenue reports, salary information and beginning in December 2013, a listing of the checkbook from the General fund.    Some reports are not on file. For those months that the report can not be partially recreated a note of (Not on file) is placed after the month. If part of the report could be recreated, a note of (Partial) is placed after the month.
TCA All Approved Grants FY17
Texas Commission on the Arts Grants for Fiscal Year 2017.
Strategic Measure_Cost per Mile of City-owned Fleet
The Fleet Mobility Services Department is responsible for providing safe and reliable mobile solutions to ensure the continuity of city services. In addition, Fleet’s strategy is to lead, design and incorporate "Sharing, Electric Vehicles, Telematics, and Autonomous Mobility Services" for City employees by providing cost-effective and accessible forms of modality to transport City employees. The primary goals are to reduce transportation costs, traffic congestion and under-utilized fleet assets while improving the health, environment, safety and livability of Austin.  The cost per mile of City-owned fleet is below the industry average of $1.19.  The data is maintained in Fleet's asset management system.  Row level data displays the cost in dollars per mile of City-owned fleet.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/i7kr-sc6e
Vital Signs: Rent Payments – by metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Rent Payments (EC8)  FULL MEASURE NAME Median rent payment  LAST UPDATED August 2019  DESCRIPTION Rent payments refer to the cost of leasing an apartment or home and serves as a measure of housing costs for individuals who do not own a home. The data reflect the median monthly rent paid by Bay Area households across apartments and homes of various sizes and various levels of quality. This differs from advertised rents for available apartments, which usually are higher. Note that rent can be presented using nominal or real (inflation-adjusted) dollar values; data are presented inflation-adjusted to reflect changes in household purchasing power over time.  DATA SOURCE U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census 1970-2000 https://nhgis.org  Note: Count 1 and Count 2; Form STF1; Form SF3a  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 2005-2017 http://api.census.gov  Note: Form B25058; 1-YR  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index 1970-2017 http://www.bls.gov/data/ Note: All Urban Consumers Data Table (by metro)  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Rent data reflects median rent payments rather than list rents (refer to measure definition above). Larger geographies (metro and county) rely upon ACS 1-year data, while smaller geographies rely upon ACS 5-year rolling average data. 1970 Census data for median rent payments has been imputed by ABAG staff as the source data only provided the mean, rather than the median, monthly rent. Metro area boundaries reflects today’s metro area definitions by county for consistency, rather than historical metro area boundaries.  Inflation-adjusted data are presented to illustrate how rent payments have grown relative to overall price increases; that said, the use of the Consumer Price Index does create some challenges given the fact that housing represents a major chunk of consumer goods bundle used to calculate CPI. This reflects a methodological tradeoff between precision and accuracy and is a common concern when working with any commodity that is a major component of CPI itself.
Metro Public Works Capital Projects
This daily data export contains completed, in progress, on hold, planned and scheduled Capital Projects for Bikeways, Bridges, Capital, Culvert, Guardrail, Paving, Sidewalk and Traffic projects in Davidson County.
Número de usuario consumo promedio, número y valor facturado por estrato socioeconomico EMPAS S.A
Esta tabla muestra el valor facturado por estrato socioeconomico del consumo de alcantarillado por año en los municipios de área de influencia de EMPAS S.A E.S.P
MDOT Maryland Transit Administration Passenger Trips per Revenue Vehicle Mile (FY)
Utilizing National Transit Database data this calculation measures the amount of passenger trips per vehicle revenue mile for each MTA mode of transit. This is calculated by dividing the number of total passenger trips  for each mode by it's respective FY vehicle revenue miles.
NNDSS - Table 1E. Botulism, Foodborne to Botulism, Other (wound & unspecified)
NNDSS - Table 1E. Botulism, Foodborne to Botulism, Other (wound & unspecified) - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Presidentes Juntas de Acción Comunal de los Barrios del Municipio de Ortega – Tolima
Información básica sobre los presidentes de Juntas de Acción Comunal de los barrios del Municipio de Ortega
Average Salary & Student Loan Debt by Program Utah Schools 2018
In response to the Improving Free Inquiry, Transparency, and Accountability at Colleges and Universities Executive Order the US Dept of Education has now published average salary and debt by degree/program and college in Utah.  This data set includes are public, private & non-profit colleges and universities in Utah- the post graduation salary, average student loan debt by degree for each school in Utah.
DSS Assistance Type Participation by Month CY 2012-2020
Number of active recipients who received benefits of a certain assistance type in that calendar year and month. A recipient may have received benefits of multiple types in the same month; if so that recipient will be included in multiple categories in this dataset (counted more than once.) 2020 is a partial year. For privacy considerations, a count of zero is used for counts less than five. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, corrections in the ImpaCT system for January and February 2019 caused the addition of around 2000 and 3000 recipients respectively, and the counts for many types of assistance (e.g. SNAP) were adjusted upward for those 2 months. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed:     1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016.     2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 11/30/2018 the counts were revised because of a change in the way active recipients were counted in one source system.
NB Deaths By Month of Death 1980-2017 / Décès au N.-B. selon le mois de décès 1980-2017
New Brunswick Deaths by Month of Death 1980-2017 / Décès au Nouveau-Brunswick selon le mois de décès 1980-2017
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS102
Driver Feedback Sign DFS102  Latitude: 53.54194 Longitude: -113.57656  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE MAYO 2019
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE MAYO 2019 AGENCIA NACIONAL DE INFRAESTRUCTURA
OD0002 Pesticide Analysis for Finfish and Shellfish
This data set provides pesticide sample analyses results for finfish (brook and rainbow trout) and shellfish (mussels and soft shell clams) for the province’s Pesticide Monitoring Program. The sampling includes a total of nine rivers that are tested across PEI, with three of the rivers being sampled each year.    Finfish are collected from the river by electrofishing or rod and reel. Shellfish are collected from the same river systems manually, as close to the finfish sampling as possible. The purpose of the sampling is to determine if pesticide residues accumulate in the fish/shellfish.
Tent - Building Permits
Permits related to temporary erection of tents in the City of Cambridge.
RESULTADOS OPERACIONALES EN EL CAQUETÁ
CONTIENE LA ESTADÍSTICA DE LOS RESULTADOS OPERACIONALES EN EL CAQUETÁ
Plan de Acción Municipio de Guadalupe Huila
plan de acción
09-2016 Listado De Barrios Y Presidentes JAC Chaparral Tolima 2016-2020
Listado de barrios y presidentes JAC de Chaparral Tolima 2016-2020
SUBSIDIOS DEL SERVICIO ALCANTARILLADO EN SANTIAGO DE CALI DESDE EL AÑO 2013 AL 2017
valores del subsidio del servicio de alcantarillado en santiago de cali desde el años 2013 al 2017
Voter Turnout, 1999 - Present
Voter turnout for Municipal, State and Federal Elections in Cambridge from 1999 to the present. Data is reported by ward and precinct. More information about election districts is available here: https://www.cambridgema.gov/GIS/mapgallery/electionmaps
Densidad de Cultivos de Coca 2003
Información relacionada a los archivos cartográficos de la densidad de los cultivos de coca, detectados por el Sistema Integrado de Monitoreo de Cultivos Ilícitos-SIMCI, reportados para el período censal 2003.  Ayúdanos a responder esta encuesta en el enlace de origen.
Afiliados activos por rango de edad
En este enlace encontraras información histórica de cantidad de afiliados activos por rango de edad en el Fondo Nacional del Ahorro
Maryland New Single Family Housing Units Authorized For Construction: 2000-2019
New Single Family Housing Units Authorized For Construction in Maryland and its jurisdictions from 2000 to 2019. Source from the U.S. Department of Commerce. Bureau of the Census.
PLN_BNFT_PKG_TIER_CST_XWALK [prod]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_BNFT_PKG_TIER_CST_XWALK [prod], released on 2020-10-21.
Strategic Direction 2023: Median House Value
This indicator measures the median housing value, which divides the value distribution into two equal parts: one-half of the cases falling below the median value of the property (house and lot, mobile home and lot, or condominium unit) and one-half above the median. The data include only units that are owned or on the market and reflect what the property would sell for if it were for sale.
TABLA DE CONTROL PROCESOS SANCIONATORIOS 2017
TABLA DE CONTROL PROCESOS SANCIONATORIOS 2017
Listado de Templos -Tunja
En este formato se almacenan los datos de los templos de la ciudad de Tunja.
MBDA-Dollar Value of Financings
Dollar value of financing resulting from clients served and direct client services by MBDA national network of Minority business centers. The business centers facilitate access to public and private sector procurement opportunities for minority business.
2019 State Expenditures
Financial data relating to the purchases of goods and services by the state as well as financial disbursements through various state programs as of COB June 30, 2019.
INVESTIGADORES RECONOCIDOS 2014
Investigadores registrados en la Plataforma ScienTI - Colombia reconocidos de acuerdo con la convocatoria 693 de 2014
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of November 2018.</p>
Income Limits for Housing Assistance
This dataset contains income limits per household size for housing assistance in San Mateo County. These limits are established by the County Housing Department, the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the State of California. In order to qualify, your household must not exceed the income limit that corresponds to the family size (number of residents) of your household. Due to reporting changes required by the State of California and HUD, users are strongly encouraged to review notes and documentation for each year's data by downloading the appropriate report from the San Mateo County Housing Department site: http://housing.smcgov.org/income-and-rent-limits
DEEP Fisheries Division Approved Fish Suppliers for Importation or Liberation of Live Fish or Fish Eggs
This list provides name and contact information for various fish suppliers for the public to obtain live fish for stocking or for bait.
Facilities Management - Closed Cells as of November 11th, 2011
A Chart showing Cook County Department of Corrections -- Closed Cells. A closed cell is unable to house inmates.
Directoria Alcaldia
contacto funcionarios alcaldía
Crimes by Type by 1980 Block - 2000 to 2006
tabulation of crimes by type for each 1980 census block
Escenario de Concertacion Gremios
Miembros del comite intergremial de Risaralda
Utah Toxic Release Inventory 1994
These files consist of the data fields most frequently requested, including: E-mail iconHave a question? Facility Name, Address, Latitude & Longitude Coordinates, SIC or NAICS codes, Chemical Identification, Classification Information, On-site Release Quantities, Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW) Transfer Quantities, Off-site Transfer Quantities for Release/Disposal, Further Waste Management, Summary Pollution Prevention Quantities ( Section 8 of the Form R ) Note: Quantities of dioxin and dioxin-like compounds are reported in grams; all other chemicals are reported in pounds.
SNAP Program Access Index (PAI)
SNAP Participation Rates
Environmental Radiation Surveillance Brookhaven National Laboratory Readings: Beginning 2009
This dataset measures the air, water, and fish near Brookhaven National Laboratory and other locations (background) around NYS to determine the normal levels of radioactivity and monitors the influence of human activities on these levels. The site numbers represent the location from which samples are collected. This dataset is not designed, or intended to monitor releases from discharge points at a specific facility (e.g., a stack). The facility operator performs this type of monitoring to meet the requirements of its licensing agency (e.g., a federal agency or the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation). A column has been added for values which can be graphed. Readings where a less than value is displayed show a value that is less than the detection limit of the measurement method and are essentially equivalent to 0. Variations in detection limit are due to variations in sample collection and measurement instrument performance.
Addresses in the City of Los Angeles
Official addresses assigned in the City of Los Angeles created and maintained by the Bureau of Engineering.
NOAA - Percent of stocks for which catch is below the specified Annual Catch Limit
This measure tracks the percentage of fish stocks that are below their annual catch limit (ACL) in a given year. In 2007, Congress enacted a requirement to use ACLs to end and prevent overfishing. The use of ACLs has been successful in ending and preventing overfishing, as stock assessments have shown the number of stocks subject to overfishing continuing to decline. Performance is measured by comparing the final annual catch estimate to the ACL for each stock that has an ACL. If the final annual catch estimate for the stock is less than the ACL, NOAA will report that the stock did not exceed its ACL.
San Juan County Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014
San Juan County Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014
SEDES CON PROYECCION AÑO 2021
Cupos  disponibles para la comunidad estudiantil en el año 2021
Piute School District Sage Scores 2014
Piute School District Sage Scores 2014
Outdoor Lap Swimming
Registration and attendance statistics for outdoor lap swim programs.
Cincinnati 311 (Non-Emergency) Service Requests
Data Description: This dataset captures All Cincinnati 311 (Non-Emergency) Service Requests from 2012 to present including how long customer service requests have been open, by location, service request type, and department work group. Citizen Service Requests (CSR) give Cincinnati residents the opportunity to submit service request for concerns like potholes, tall grass and missed trash pick-up.    Data Creation: Using the Fix It Cincy! Mobile App, the customer service request online portal and the hotline (513-591-6000), citizen service requests are routed directly to City departments, including Transportation & Engineering, Buildings & Inspections, Health and Public Services. Once the department's work on the service request ticket is completed and the request is marked as "closed," customers receive an email notification that the work has been completed, followed by a link to an optional customer service feedback survey.  Data Created By: The source of this data is the CAGIS.  Refresh Frequency: This data is updated daily.  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/ve9a-xare  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
2018 Proposed Budget Resources
Proposed Budget Resources 2018
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 15 Minute Intervals: 2017 Q1
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
Salaries of State Agencies - Multi-Year Report
This is a multi-year state agency salary report. To learn more about state salaries visit the Oregon Transparency Program website. https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx.
EMS - Quarterly Clinical Measures - STEMI Alert
This table contains data describing ATCEMS management of STEMI Alert patients.
County Populations and COVID
Compares respite, hotel shelters with single adults in shelters in 2019 and total homeless population from the point-in-time count on 1/23/2020 and total county population from the US Census American Community Survey for 2018.  Multiracial American Indians are counted in "American Indian" for the respite and hotel shelters and singles shelters whereas all multiracial persons in other data sets are counted in the category "Multiracial"
Debt: Bonds
Provides the principal and interest amounts for the different bonds.
Green Alleys Export Edited 2
Green Alley data from Cartegraph
Chattanooga Half Marathon
Results for the Erlanger Chattanooga Half Marathon.
Bronx Libraries
NYC.gov table on the locations of libraries in the Bronx with administrative district location information included
One time Homeless Services  - RRHHL Rollover - Redwood City Project
One time Homeless Services - RRHHL Rollover - Redwood City Project. HSA6 C Measure K Performance.
Directorio de los consultorios jurídicos del país
Información de contacto de los Consultorios Jurídicos por Instituciones educativas a nivel Nacional.  Corte de la información: 20-02-2020  Ayúdanos a responder esta encuesta en el enlace de origen.
Develop and adopt expenditure and program plan that includes quality improvement for participating districts - Measure A
Develop and adopt expenditure and program plan that includes quality improvements for participating districts - Measure A
Ucundinamarca - Registro de Activos de Información - Comunicaciones
Contiene Registro de Activos de información de la oficina Asesora de Comunicaciones de la Universidad de Cundinamarca.
3843P_Current Planning
Performance measures dataset
Daily Public Transport Passenger Boardings By Passenger Group
This dataset contains daily Public Transport Patronage in types of passengers including adults, school students, tertiary, concession, and other. Paper tickets purchased from Ticket Vending Machines are not included.  Note: Due to delays in data processing, the final number may take up to three days to accurately report on all passenger boardings.
New York City Council Discretionary Funding
The dataset reflects applications for discretionary funding to be allocated by the New York City Council
Social Vulnerability Index 2018 - United States, tract
ATSDR’s Geospatial Research, Analysis & Services Program (GRASP) created Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Social Vulnerability Index (CDC SVI or simply SVI, hereafter) to help public health officials and emergency response planners identify and map the communities that will most likely need support before, during, and after a hazardous event.  SVI indicates the relative vulnerability of every U.S. Census tract. Census tracts are subdivisions of counties for which the Census collects statistical data. SVI ranks the tracts on 15 social factors, including unemployment, minority status, and disability, and further groups them into four related themes. Thus, each tract receives a ranking for each Census variable and for each of the four themes, as well as an overall ranking.  In addition to tract-level rankings, SVI 2018 also has corresponding rankings at the county level. Notes below that describe “tract” methods also refer to county methods.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of August 2018.</p>
Matriculas renovadas en el plazo legal vigencia 2020
Matriculas que renovaron su registro mercantil en el plazo legal vigencia 2020 (enero a julio 3)
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 15 Minute Intervals: Latest Full Week
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
Dependencias  Alcaldía San Pablo Nariño
Información sobre el nombre de las dependencias y funcionarios de la Alcaldía.
Transportation Mode Split
Shows the percentage of residents for the following journey-to-work trips: drive alone, carpool, public transit, walk, bike, or work from home.
ICN E-Rate Details for School & Libraries
Federal Universal Service Fund (USF) Tax Dollars Approved for Qualified Services by Applicant by Fiscal Year.
EDTIF Program Totals Utah 2008
Approved in 2005, EDTIF is a state incentive program that allows local governments to create “economic development zones” in order to encourage job creation and capital investment. New or existing businesses creating new jobs or significant capital investment within these zones may apply for a partial rebate (30%) for up to 20 years of taxes paid to the state. The rebate may apply to “new state income” generated by the job growth or capital investment, including the payroll tax of the new employees, corporate income tax, and sales tax. Qualifying companies must create new jobs paying at least the median state wage.
Asociaciones-Empresa Desarrollo Urbano de Pereira
Esta base de datos contiene las agremiaciones que interactúan con la Empresa de Desarrollo Urbano de Pereira
Maryland Total Personal Income (Thousands of Constant 2012 Dollars): 2010-2018
Maryland Total Personal Income in thousands of Constant 2012 Dollars from 2010 to 2018. Source Data from U.S Bureau of Economic Analysis (Table CA5N)
Directorio Dependencias Alcaldía de Pasto
Directorio Dependencias Alcaldía de Pasto, con su respectiva dirección, numero de teléfono y extensión. Año 2020.
Entidades de Servicios Municipio San Luis Gaceno
Entidades Prestadoras de  Servicios en el Municipio de San Luis de Gaceno Boyacá
Micro-Market Recovery Program - Permits
The City of Chicago launched the Micro-Market Recovery Program (MMRP), a coordinated effort among the City, not-for-profit intermediaries, and non-profit and for-profit capital sources to improve conditions, strengthen property values, and create environments supportive of private investment in targeted markets throughout the city. The goal of MMRP is to improve conditions, strengthen property values, and create environments supportive of private investment in targeted areas by strategically deploying public and private capital and other tools and resources in well-defined micro-markets.  This MMRP Permits dataset contains all Department of Buildings (DOB) Permits that have occured at properties falling within any MMRP Zone.  Permits, Cases and Violations can be linked to the MMRP Geographies dataset using ADDRKEY or ADDRGRPKEY.  To link Violations and Inspections to their Permits and Cases use Violation PERMITORCASEKEY to link to Permits APKEY_PERMIT and Cases APKEY_CASE.  For more information on the MMRP program, please see http://www.regionalhopi.org/content/city-chicago-micro-market-recovery-program-overview.
Directorio
Este conjunto de datos contiene el directorio del municipio de facatativá
Reclamaciones Conexión Reposición Saneamiento 2016
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE CONEXIÓN DE REPOSICIÓN SANEAMIENTO
Oregon Medicaid Diagnosis Codes Exempt from 30-Day Readmission Policy
Codes that are not subject to Oregon Administrative Rule 410-125-0410(2), which states that hospitals must do a single billing for patients "whose discharge and readmission to the hospital is within thirty (30) days for the same or related diagnosis."
Caracterización precios vivienda nueva
Este conjunto de datos contiene información de la caracterización de los precios de la vivienda nueva en Bogotá a distintos niveles de desagregación en la unidad de  análisis, tanto en localidad, subzona1, como a nivel de proyecto, con lo cual se pueden capturar lecturas distintas sobre su comportamiento y determinantes. El estudio data de 2016 y su actualización en anual.
Historical Greenspace Cleanings (2016 Plan)
Data Description: This dataset contains cleanings of greenspace sites in the 2016 Greenspace Maintenance Plan. This data is for site cleanings from January 2016 to April 2018.  Data Creation: Department of Public Services (DPS) recorded data on all greenspace site cleanings.   Data Created By: DPS  Refresh Frequency: Daily  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/wh9h-zdqz  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).
Cost Utilization and Quality Date Medicare Counties in Utah 2008
This data set contains the Geographic Variation Public Use File from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  this data file contains demographic, spending, utilization and quality indicators for all counties in Utah for 2008.
MEA SmartEnergy: Transportation
Transportation dollars awarded through Maryland Energy Administration's smart energy projects.
REPORTE AFILIADOS ACTIVOS EN LA ENTIDAD DE MEDIMÁS E.P.S S.A.S RÉGIMEN EN EL AÑO 2019
Esta consulta referencia el total de afiliados activos por Entidad, bajo las tipologías Régimen, Año y Mes.
Towing
This dataset contains information from the City’s Towing database program. It provides a list of current vehicles on City’s impound lot to include VINs and address towed from. The information will provide number of vehicles currently on lot, where and why vehicles were towed, disposition of vehicle such as sold at auction, released to owner and or interested parties and or demolished. This information could also be used to establish any trends in certain areas.   **Data in this set contains fees that are only accurate for vehicles released from city custody. Fees for vehicles still held by the City will be calculated at the time of release and are not considered accurate till that time.
Open Restaurants Inspections
The Open Restaurants Inspections dataset contains records of site setup inspections performed throughout the five boroughs of New York City.
Care 4 Kids (C4K) Number of Children by Town, October 2018
Care 4 Kids Number of Paid Children by Provider Setting Type and by Town, October 2018.  Includes All Ages.  Numbers suppressed as shown by *.  If Suppression in a row - the total in that row is suppressed by that count.
Street Centreline
Centreline representation of the dedicated street right-of-way. The linear network is broken at the intersection of two or more streets or alleyways.
Master Agreements - Indefinite Delivery / Indefinite Quantity Contracts
This data set has been combined with the Corporate Procurement Awards data. It can be found here: https://finances.worldbank.org/Procurement/Corporate-Procurement-Contract-Awards/a3d9-f9xv.
Fuentes Gubernamentales de Cali
La Banca de Desarrollo que ofrece soluciones integrales para construir territorios sostenibles a través de la planeación, estructuración, financiación y asistencia técnica de proyectos de infraestructura, que mejoran la calidad de vida de los colombianos.
PERFIL EPIDEMIOLÒGICO PRIMER SEMESTRE 2019 E.S.E HOSPITAL SAN ANTONIO DE ARBELAEZ
La siguiente información es publicada por la Empresa Social del Estado Hospital San Antonio de Arbeláez, para el I Semestre de 2019
Suitability of City-Owned and Leased Property for Urban Agriculture (LL 48 of 2011)
This list is accurate as of the date contained in the Date Created field.
pln_rx_cst_shr_data [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_rx_cst_shr_data [prod], released on 2020-10-21.
Utility Analytics Data -KD
Utility Data for Prospective Solar Sites
Unemployment Estimates in Colorado
Labor force and unemployment estimates by month and county and Metropolitan Statistical Area, from Colorado Department of Labor and Employment (CDLE), since 1990
Percent of high school students (grades 9-12) using seat belt "most of the time" or "always," New Jersey, Beginning 2009
Ratio:  Percent of High School Students    Definition: Percentage of high school students (grades 9-12) who use seat belts in automobiles    Data Source: NJDOE Student Health Survey of High School Students, New Jersey Department of Education    **This survey is only given in odd-numbered years.
Mayor's Meeting Expenses
January 1, 2014 - June 30, 2020.  For information on other expense categories, refer to the Mayor's Expense Report (https://data.edmonton.ca/City-Administration/Mayor-s-Expense-Report-2014-2016-/9q8e-brde/data).
Unemployment Data
Monthly estimates of labor force, employment and unemployment by county for the seven county metro area.
Strategic Measure_Austin's ParkScore ranking (absolute score and ranking among U.S. cities)
The Austin Parks and Recreation System's ranking on the Trust for Public Land ParkScore Index. This index ranks the park systems of the 100 largest cities in the U.S. based on park acreage, park size, park funding, park access, and a variety of other factors.  This data set supports HE.C.2 of SD23.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Austin-s-ParkScore-Ranking-absolute-score-and-rank/rnwr-4s4u/
TURISMO EN BOLÍVAR VALLE
TURISMO EN BOLÍVAR VALLE
Energy Resources - Outage Duration
This dataset allows for the monthly computation of the System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI) for the City of Mesa’s electric utility. The System Average Interruption Duration Index is commonly used as a reliability indicator by electric power utilities. It measures the average outage duration for each customer served and is calculated by taking the sum of the total customer minutes of service interruptions and dividing that by the total number of customers served
DOP Adult Early Discharges by Fiscal Year
Adult supervision cases that have had an early discharge request filed with a local court during the reporting period. Categorized by: new early discharge (ED) requests submitted; ED requests approved; ED requests disapproved. Based on carryover of pending early discharge requests from month-to-month, the number of approvals plus disapprovals may not equal the number of requests per year.
Homes and Community Renewal Grant Awards:  Beginning 1990
Listing of Local Programs Administrators (LPA) contracts awarded by New York State Homes & Community Renewal’s (HCR) Office of Community Renewal (OCR). Details include contract amount, organization name, project location, and accomplishments for completed projects based on project types, e.g. number of housing and commercial units renovated for completed contracts and units for Access to Home (ACSS), HOME, New York Main Street (NYMS), RESTORE, Rural Area Revitalization Projects (RARP) and Urban Initiatives (UI).
Dallas Police Public Data - RMS Incidents-With GeoLocation
Dallas Police Public Data - RMS Incidents-With GeoLocation
East Ogden Public Investment (2018 - Current Year)
This includes any public funds used for improvements along the Corridor, including items such as replacement of street signage, repainting of transformer boxes, burying of overhead lines, and roadway/utility projects.
Sujetos y Puntos de Control Contraloría Departamental de Arauca
Listado de sujetos y puntos de control de la Contraloría Departamental de Arauca
Sonoma County Baby Names
This dataset provides a count by year of first names given to babies born in Sonoma County.  Current year data is updated monthly.  In the 1800’s, the processes for birth registration were not as established as they are today. Births could have been registered in other places, such as churches, and not all births were reported.  Given this, the number of births recorded early on may only represent a subset of the actual births that occurred during that time period.  Blank names mean that the birth certificate did not have a name listed.  There is no requirement that the baby's name be determined prior to the birth certificate being registered.  Birth certificates can be amended through the state at a later date to add the first name, if the  individual desires to do so.
2015 - 2016 Final Class Size Report - K to 8 Average
New York City Department of Education 2015 - 2016 Final Class Report - K to 8 Average. Data based on the average class size for the school year.
NIST - Citation Impact of NIST Publications
This indicator demonstrates that NIST consistently produces useful and relevant scientific and technical publications and is outcome-oriented. The "relative citation impact" indicator is the ratio of the average number of citations per publication ( citation rate) for all NIST publications in a year to the average expected citation rate for similar publications in a large group of peer institutions in the world.
NON-DOMESTIC HEALTH INSURERS
LICENSED HEALTH INSURERS. ASSETS, LIABILITIES, CAPITAL AND SURPLUS, AND DIRECT WRITTEN PREMIUMS IN CONNECTICUT FOR 2012. NON-DOMESTIC (OUT-OF-STATE) HEALTH INSURERS
Water Trends Plano
Plano's use of water from August 2011 to July 2015. The use of water is measured by the amount pumped by the city from the NTMWD, not necessarily the amount used by residents. This data is tracked and collected by the Plano Department of Public Works. Additionally, this data set contains information (for temperature and rainfall) from wunderground.com and the National Weather service.
Compost Management Tonnage and Cost
Dataset includes information about compost management tonnage and cost for municipalities (including operating cost, amortized capital cost, and tip fee).
Instituciones Educativas del Departamento de Amazonas
Listado de Instituciones Educativas del Departamento de Amazonas
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS195
Driver Feedback Sign DFS195    Latitude: 53.592176  Longitude: -113.459161    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
QHP Landscape ID SHOP Market Medical
QHP Landscape ID SHOP Market Medical - Idaho  For instructions on how to read and use this data, please view the documentation available under the ‘About’ tab on this page.
Incidence Of Brain And Central Nervous System Cancer Age 15 Under Per 1,000,000 All States
Incidence Of Brain And Central Nervous System Cancer Age 15 Under Per 1,000,000 All States
General Election Statistics 2018 Data
This dataset shows polling place and absentee statistics by precinct.
BB_FY15_REC_BudgetSummary_Footer
FY15 Recommended Budget Book Budget Summary Footer
DOP Juvenile Cases Snapshot by Fiscal Year
The number of active juvenile probation supervision cases on the last day of the reporting period (June 30)
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE MARZO 2018
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE MARZO 2018 AGENCIA NACIONAL DE INFRAESTRUCTURA
Crown Land Conservation Areas / Aires de conservation sur les terres de la Couronne
This dataset is comprised of five map layers:   Watercourse and Wetland Buffers - Buffer zones surrounding mapped watercourses and wetlands where forest activity is regulated on Crown land to maintain water quality and aquatic habitat.  Deer Wintering Areas - Forested areas managed to provide severe winter habitat for herds of white tail deer on Crown lands.  Other Habitats - Designated forested stands meeting D.N.R.’s structural and spatial criteria for “Old Forest Communities” and “Old Forest Wildlife Habitats”.      Formerly Designated Deer Wintering Areas - Formerly designated Deer Wintering Areas which aerial surveys have not detected animal use in for significant time. One component of the changes to the designated “Conservation Forest” announced with the forest strategy in March, 2014.      Formerly Designated Habitats - Formerly designated forested stands which met D.N.R.’s structural and spatial criteria for “Old Forest Communities” and “Old Forest Wildlife Habitats”. One component of the changes to the designated “Conservation Forest” announced with the forest strategy in March, 2014.  Additional Information: Please be aware of the following:  Watercourse and Wetland Buffers - Not all watercourses defined in N.B.’s legislative framework are mapped due to difficulty in delineating watercourses from colour aerial photography.  Watercourse locations are generally accurate to within 10 m.  Deer Wintering Areas - Deer wintering areas are identified on the basis of periodic aerial surveys and may not completely identify all forested stands being used by deer. /   Cet ensemble de données comprend les cinq couches cartographiques suivantes :  Zones tampons des cours d’eau et des terres humides : Zones tampons entourant les terres humides et les cours d’eau cartographiés où sont réglementées les activités forestières sur les terres de la Couronne pour préserver la qualité de l’eau et l’habitat aquatique.  Aires d’hivernage du cerf de Virginie : Zones forestières aménagées sur les terres de la Couronne pour fournir aux troupeaux de cerfs de Virginie des habitats les protégeant des hivers rigoureux.  Autres habitats : Peuplements forestiers désignés qui répondent aux critères structuraux et spatiaux du DER concernant les « communautés de forêt ancienne » et les « habitats fauniques de forêt ancienne ».  Anciennes aires d’hivernage du cerf de Virginie : Anciennes aires d’hivernage du cerf de Virginie pour lesquelles les relevés aériens n’ont pas décelé d’utilisation animale pendant une longue période de temps. Il s’agit d’une des modifications à la forêt de conservation qui ont été annoncées au titre de la stratégie de gestion des forêts, en mars 2014.  Anciens habitats : Anciens peuplements forestiers qui répondaient aux critères structuraux et spatiaux du DER concernant les « communautés de forêt ancienne » et les « habitats fauniques de forêt ancienne ». Il s’agit d’une des modifications à la forêt de conservation qui ont été annoncées au titre de la stratégie de gestion des forêts, en mars 2014.  Renseignements supplémentaires : Veuillez noter les points ci-dessous.  Zones tampons des cours d’eau et des terres humides : Tous les cours d’eau définis dans le cadre législatif du Nouveau-Brunswick ne sont pas cartographiés, compte tenu de la difficulté à les délimiter à partir des photographies aériennes en couleurs. En général, l’emplacement des cours d’eau est précis à plus ou moins 10 m.  Aires d’hivernage du cerf de Virginie : Les aires d’hivernage du cerf de Virginie sont définies en fonction de relevés aériens périodiques et il se peut que ces derniers n’aient pas pu déceler totalement tous les peuplements forestiers utilisés par les cerfs.
Local Government Infrastructure Financing FY 2011-2019
Local Government Infrastructure Financing offers Maryland counties and municipalities a cost effective way to finance public purpose capital projects; enabling the delivery of essential services to support communities and the people they serve.    DISCLAIMER: Some of the information may be tied to the Department’s bond funded loan programs and should not be relied upon in making an investment decision. The Department provides comprehensive quarterly and annual financial information and operating data regarding its bonds and bond funded loan programs, all of which is posted on the publicly-accessible Electronic Municipal Market Access system website (commonly known as EMMA) that is maintained by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, and on the Department’s website under Investor Information.     More information accessible here: http://dhcd.maryland.gov/Investors/Pages/default.aspx
List of Abattoirs
List of permitted abattoirs, including type of meat and town in Nova Scotia.
Principales causas de morbilidad por ciclo vital general, Municipio del Chaparral, Tolima,  2009 – 2016
Principales causas de morbilidad por ciclo vital general, Municipio del Chaparral  2009 – 2016, Atenciones en el total de la población.
2009 Census - Dwelling Unit By Structure Type And Ownership (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2009.  Ward Reports are based on the 6-Ward system, which existed in the City of Edmonton until October, 2010.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city-, ward- and neighbourhood-level only.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information can not be obtained (i.e. information is not available or can not be released by the facility administration).  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Grocery Sales Tax By City Utah Q1- Q4 2015
This data set contains taxable grocery sales and food sales by city for quarters 1-4 for Calendar year 2015.
NNDSS - TABLE 1C. Arboviral diseases, St. Louis encephalitis virus to Western equine encephalitis virus
NNDSS - Table 1C. Arboviral diseases, neuroinvasive and non-neuroinvasive,  St. Louis encephalitis virus disease to Western equine encephalitis virus disease - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:   U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
FY2017-19 Mayor's Proposed Budget Expenditures
Expenditures of the Mayor's Proposed Budget  for the 2017-18 and 2018-19 Fiscal Years. The 2016-17 Midcycle Budget and 2015-16 Audited Actuals are also included for context.
Esquema de ordenamiento territorial Roncesvalles
El esquema de ordenamiento territorial, vigente desde el año 2000 en el municipio de Roncesvalles, Tolima
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Reported Service Units by Month of Home Delivered Meals Contracted Providers
Reported Units of Service by Month of registered and contracted agencies providing Home Delivered Meals Services.
Cook County Recorder - Foreclosures, Mortgages, and Quit Claim Deeds - 2013 through March 27, 2015
Foreclosures, Mortgages, and Quit Claim Deeds recorded with the Cook County Recorder of Deeds. Data covers 2013 through March 27, 2015. This dataset will be updated Quarterly. For more information see http://cookrecorder.com/ .
Plan Anual de Inversión  en Salud 2018
Programación de los recursos de la vigencia y las actividades a ejecutar para el logro de los resultados y productos definidos en el Plan Territorial de Salud.
LISTADO DE JUNTAS COMUNALES 2016-2019
A continuacion  encontrara el listado de los presidentes de las juntas comunales del municipio de malambo
Daily Public Transport Passenger Boardings by Service Type
This dataset contains daily Public Transport Patronage in types of services. Paper tickets sold by Ticket Vending Machines are excluded except for the ones on light rail platforms. This dataset can be aggregated to provide daily Light Rail and bus patronage number.  Note: Due to delays in data processing, final number may take up to three days to accurately report on all passenger boardings.
August 2020 Primary Election Night Precinct Results
Precinct level results as of election night for the August 4, 2020 Primary Election.
Esquema de publicación de información
El Esquema de Publicación de Información es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma.
Facilities Management - Closed Cells as of November 4th, 2011
A Chart showing Cook County Department of Corrections -- Closed Cells. A closed cell is unable to house inmates.
Council on Open Data: Meeting Content June 2020
Council on Open Data Meeting documents including meeting agenda and presentation.
Employee Giving Statistics 2018
Employee Giving Statistics for 2018
Canberra Metro Light Rail Transit Feed - Vehicle Updates (Realtime)
This dataset represents information which is contained within the Google Transit Feed Service - Realtime (GTFSR) of the ACT Capital Metro light rail service.  Further information on the technical details of the metadata for this dataset can be found in the linked data dictionary.
Prestadores de Servicios Turísticos
Prestadores de Servicios Turísticos Inscritos en el Registro Nacional de Turismo
top_description
Template Dataset: top_description
2012 Census - Dwelling Units By Structure Type And Ownership (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2012.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Transportation Data
Dataset showing commute to work by transportation type.
Twitter Analytics Around Open Data Day 2017
Our Tweets earned 19.7K impressions over this 4 day period before/after International Open Data Day
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 496 - Late Independent Expenditure Report - Independent Expenditures Made
This dataset includes all itemized late independent expenditures ($1000 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 496 Late Independent Expenditures Report from 2008 to the present.The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
Emergencias UNGRD 2019
Registro de eventos naturales o antrópicos no intencionales ocurridos durante el año 2019, y que fueron reportados a la UNGRD con su respectiva afectación y atención prestada a cada uno.
Cobertura Vacunación Población Menor de 1 año Departamento del Atlántico 2018
Se relacionan el número de dosis aplicadas por biologicos y su cobertura de acuerdo a la población que se les deben aplicar dentro del Programa Ampliado de Inmunizaciones - PAI  (Población menor a 1 año).
Connecticut Open Data Tutorials
Links to videos to help users get started using the Connecticut Open Data portal and the Socrata platform.
120 - FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 1.1
The Board of License Commissioners Performance Metrics Objective 1.1- Percentage of licensed premises refusing to sell to underage volunteer operatives, FY 2019 Proposed Budget.”
Vital Statistics Live Birth Data by Mother's Race/Ethnicity and Resident County: Beginning 2008
This dataset contains the number of New York State live births stratified by the mother's race/ethnicity and county of residence. The data presented here may not be the same as the Vital Statistics tables on the DOH public web due to data updates. For more information, check out: : http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/vital_statistics/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
Registro de EPSEA habilitadas
El conjunto de datos, contiene el listo de empresas habilitadas para efectuar el proceso de acompañamiento para gestionar el desarrollo de capacidades de los productores agropecuarios, su articulación con el entorno y el acceso al conocimiento, tecnologías, productos y servicios de apoyo, con el fin de hacer sostenible y competitiva su producción y al mismo tiempo contribuir al mejoramiento de la calidad de vida familiar.
Rent Burden (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/49nw-b758/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Iowa Probation Admissions
This dataset provides offender admission data for those serving probation in Iowa Community Based Correction Facilities beginning in FY 2009.  Dataset includes information regarding age, sex, race, and offense committed.
Recreation Facilities Drop - In Programs (14 day)
Recreation Facilities Drop - In Programs (14 day)
Traffic Collisions (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/i9t6-zz3j" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Call Center Metrics
Call metrics for our general information line.
Vallas Publicitarias Pereira
Información relevante como: dirección, anunciante y observaciones en general de las vallas publicitarias en en municipio de Pereira
CONTRATACION 2018
EJECUCION CONTRATOS VIGENCIA 2018
Employee Salaries
This dataset provides base salary information about City of Norfolk employees.  This data is provided by Norfolk's Department of Human Resources and is updated monthly.
Turismo y Cultura en Quimbaya
Este set de datos contiene informacion Turistica y Cultural del Municipio de Quimbaya
DOP Adult Supervision Intakes by Fiscal Year
The number of adults sentenced to probation supervision during the reporting period.
LADWP Energy Efficiency for FY 13-14
Listing of LADWP's Energy Efficiency Programs and Energy Savings for Fiscal Year 2013-14
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Schedule B2 - Loan Guarantors
This dataset includes all itemized guarantors of loans ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Schedule "B2" Loan Guarantors from 2011 to the present.    The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.    See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
Work Order Management Module
Work orders associated with a CSR complaints
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Group Membership
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
Headcount Enrollment by Student Level and Student Load by Institutions of the State University of New York: Beginning Fall 2011
Number of home institution students attending a SUNY campus by level (Undergraduate/Graduate) and load status (full-time, part-time) by institution based on Fall term enrollment.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2020 - Bulk
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020.
Ley de Cuotas
Información sobre la cantidad de hombres y mujeres en cargos de máximo nivel decisorio y otros niveles decisorios y % de cumplimiento de la Ley de Cuotas de las entidades de la Rama Legislativa, Ejecutiva y Judicial, Organización Electoral, Órganos Autónomos y de Control, del Orden Nacional y Territorial.  Nos interesa conocer su opinión sobre nuestros conjuntos de datos. Lo invitamos a diligenciar esta breve encuesta de satisfacción de datos abiertos: https://www.funcionpublica.gov.co/encuesta-institucional2
Asociaciones del municipio de San Carlos de Guaroa
Se relaciona información básica sobre las acociaciones del municipio de San Carlos de Guaroa.
NTIA-Percentage of timely implementation of National Spectrum Strategy within 3 years
Pursuant to the Presidential Memorandum, NTIA will modernize the current spectrum access ecosystem by: 1)	Documenting current spectrum use and future requirements 2)	Establishing the data and tools needed to automate spectrum management functions and securely make them as transparent and predictable as practicable 3)	Updating spectrum access policies to provide greater flexibility and incentivize efficiency 4)	Enhancing spectrum enforcement mechanisms 5)	Pursuing workforce development initiatives that are critical to long-term success
2006-07 Class Size - By Borough
Citywide Class Size Report, Borough, Program, and Grade or Service Category     SOURCES: 10/31/06 Official Register (K-9) and 12/15/06 Register/Schedule (9-12)  #Grade 9 not in high schools  ##Indicates how special class is delivered    For schools with students in any grades between Kindergarten and 9th grade (where 9th grade is the termination grade for the school), class size is reported by four program areas: general education, special education self-contained class, collaborative team teaching and gifted and talented self-contained class. Within each program area class size is reported by grade or service category, which indicates how a special education self-contained class is delivered. Class size is calculated by dividing the number of students in a program and grade by the number of official classes in that program and grade.     The following data is excluded from all the reports: District 75 schools, bridge classes which span more than one grade, classes with fewer than five students (for other than special education self-contained classes) and classes with one student (for special education self-contained classes). On the summary reports programs and grades with three or fewer classes are excluded from the citywide, borough and region reports and programs and grades with one class are excluded from the district report. For schools with students in any grades between 9th and 12th grade (where 9th grade is not the termination grade for the school), class size is reported by two program areas: general education and special education. For general education students class size is reported by grade for each core subject area: English, Math, Science and Social Studies. For special education students with a self-contained program recommendation, class size is reported by service category (self-contained or mainstream) for each core subject area. Since high school classes may contain students in multiple grades and programs, class size is calculated by taking a weighted average of all the classes in a core subject area with students in a particular grade or program. For example, there are 75 ninth graders enrolled at a high school. 25 ninth graders attend a Math class with 28 students, a second group of 25 ninth graders attend a Math class with 25 students, and a third group of 25 ninth graders attend a Math class with 30 students. Average class size for ninth grade Math equals: (25x28 + 25x25 + 25x30)/75 = 27.7.     The Pupil Teacher Ratio is also provided on the school level report. Pupil Teacher Ratio is another means to evaluate the instructional resources provided at a school. Pupil Teacher Ratio for All Students is calculated by dividing the number of students at a school by the number of full-time equivalent teachers, including both teachers in classes taught by two teachers, “cluster” teachers providing instruction in specialized topics like art or science, and teachers providing special education instruction. Pupil Teacher Ratio Excluding Special Education is calculated by dividing the number of non-special education students at a school by the number of full-time equivalent non-special education teachers.
Institutional Provider Network Data: 2019 Quarter 1
The Institutional Provider Network Data displays information on health facilities and ancillary service providers (for example: hospitals, labs, home care agencies) participating in health plan networks from January through March, 2019. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by the Department of Health, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans. For more information, please visit: https://pndslookup.health.ny.gov.
DWP - Quarterly Cumulative In- Basin Solar Installments
Installed Capacity from Solar Incentive Program in Quarter Years (Kilowatts)
Sedes Educativas
Sedes educativas en el Municipio de Alpujarra
DISTRIBUIDORAS Y EXPENDIOS DE POLLO - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
CENSO DE DISTRIBUIDORAS, BODEGAS Y DE EXPENDIOS DE POLLO EXISTENTES EN LA CIUDAD DE TUNJA - Alcaldía de Tunja
Parques de Colores de Sabaneta
Encuentre y descubra el significado de los diferentes parques de color “Encuéntrate” del Municipio de Sabaneta  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
MTA.sidewalk_widths
A. SUMMARY This dataset details the presence of sidewalks on San Francisco street segments. The dataset further contains information about the width of the sidewalks.  B. METHODOLOGY  Sidewalk widths are generated from a 2014 study by consulting firm AECOM and joined to the San Francisco centerline network dataset.  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  As needed   D. OTHER CRITICAL INFO  Some centerline segments do not have sidewalk information.
Plan Anual de Adquisiciones 2018 Corinto, Cauca
El Plan Anual de Adquisiciones es un documento de naturaleza informativa y las adquisiciones incluidas en el mismo pueden ser canceladas, revisadas o modificadas. Esta información no representa compromiso u obligación alguna por parte de la entidad estatal ni la compromete a adquirir los bienes, obras y servicios en el señalados.
CORP Annual Report Excel 2018
Excel Summary of the Department's major program activities and statistical profile of California business taxpayers.
QAC Operating Revenue Budget FY2016
Revenues through April 2016
State Summary of Outpatient Hospital Charge Data by APC and primary HCPCS, CY2016
CPT copyright 2015 American Medical Association. All Rights Reserved.  The Outpatient Hospital Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Outpatient Hospital PUF) presents information on comprehensive APC (C-APC) services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient Hospital PUF presents information on the number of beneficiaries, number of APC services, hospitals' average total estimated submitted charges, the average Medicare allowed charges (which includes Medicare regular provider payments and beneficiary cost-sharing payments), the average Medicare regular provider payments, the number of APC services with outlier payments, and the average Medicare outlier provider payments among those services for 35 C-APC Groups and their primary HCPCS paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for calendar year (CY) 2016 by state. The estimated average charges and the average Medicare payments are provided at the individual hospital level. The actual charges at an individual hospital for an individual service within these APC groups may differ.
REGISTROS DE PERSONAS CON DISCAPACIDAD POR CONSECUENCIA DE LA DISCAPACIDAD DE NORTE DE SANTANDER
NÚMERO DE PERSONAS DETALLADO DE REGISTROS DE PERSONAS CON DISCAPACIDAD POR MUNICIPIO SEGÚN CONSECUENCIA DE LA DISCAPACIDAD (Con corte a 31 de marzo de 2020)
Transporte Escolar
Alumnos beneficiados con la estrategia de transporte escolar, la cual permite contribuir a garantizar el acceso y la permanencia de la niñez y la juventud al sistema educativo.
Electronic Police Report 2016
All Police Reports filed by NOPD officers including incident and supplemental reports containing the item number, location, disposition, signal, charges, offender race, offender gender, offender age, victim age, victim gender, and victim race. Police Reports can be updated when subsequent information is determined as a result of an investigation. In order to protect the privacy of victims, addresses are shown at the block level.Disclaimer: The New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information. The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. For instance, the data contains ages that may be negative due to data entry errors. NOPD has chosen to publish the data as it exists in the source systems for transparency and has instituted data validation where appropriate to ensure quality data in the future. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
Bronx Households Census Data 2010
Data on household characteristics from the 2010 census. Data provided by Lehman College Geography faculty
EDILBERTO CARDONA IDARRAGA
Concesión de aguas otorgadas en el Departamento de Caldas
District Resource Statement - SNAP Population
Population of individuals and households receiving SNAP Benefits. For a complete list of District Resource Statement datasets,please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?q=District%20Resource%20Statement&sortBy=relevance">this link</a>.
OD0013 Motor Vehicle Collisions from 1980
This data set applies to the Total Number of Motor Vehicle Collisions.
ARCHIVED - RCCL 4.1 Administered Exams FY08- FY17
Residential Child Care Licensing (RCCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Unplanned Hospital Visits - State
Unplanned Hospital Visits – state data. This data set includes state data for the hospital return days (or excess days in acute care [EDAC]) measures, the unplanned readmissions measures, and the result of unplanned hospital visits after an outpatient procedure.
Malawi Baseline Impact Evaluation: Household Data
Feed the Future initiative in Malawi is committed to improving food security and nutrition in farming households while reducing rural poverty through an agriculture-­led, integrated economic growth, nutrition, and natural resource management strategy. The goal of the impact evaluation is to determine whether integrating nutrition interventions  alongside agricultural value chain interventions will contribute to a greater reduction in malnutrition among children under 3 years of age, compared to nutrition improvements anticipated from stand-­alone value chain activities.    The main objectives are to enable USAID missions to meet the performance monitoring requirements of Feed the Future and maximize the use and benefits of data collected; provide high-­quality empirical evidence to inform program design and investment decisions that will promote sustainable food security; ensure timely availability of high­quality data for use in monitoring performance and evaluating impacts of the Feed the Future initiative; and facilitate accountability and learning about which Feed the Future interventions work best, under what conditions, and at what cost.
Dallas Police Officer-Involved Shootings
Dallas Police Public Data - Officer Involved Shootings City Of Dallas
Captive Insurance Management Firms Utah
This list contains Utah approved captive management firms from the Utah Department of Insurance Services.
Utah Toxic Release Inventory 2007
These files consist of the data fields most frequently requested, including: E-mail iconHave a question? Facility Name, Address, Latitude & Longitude Coordinates, SIC or NAICS codes, Chemical Identification, Classification Information, On-site Release Quantities, Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW) Transfer Quantities, Off-site Transfer Quantities for Release/Disposal, Further Waste Management, Summary Pollution Prevention Quantities ( Section 8 of the Form R )
Registro de Activos de la Información Corporación de Ferias, Eventos y Espectaculos de Palmira - CORFEPALMIRA
Registro de Activos de la Información Corporación de Ferias, Eventos y Espectaculos de Palmira - CORFEPALMIRA
superficie Sembrada Por Cultivos Permanentes En El Valle Del Cauca Año 2016
superficie Sembrada Por Cultivos Permanentes En El Valle Del Cauca Año 2016
Kern County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Kern County.
Number of Veterans Insured by VGLI by State as of June 30, 2012
<p>Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of June 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.</p>
Alightings By Stop By Hr
Provides the average number of passenger alightings by day broken down by stop and hour for May 2017. Patronage is measured through unique alightings recorded in the MyWay ticketing system on scheduled services. This includes alightings by passengers with MyWay cards. This dataset excludes passenger alightings on dedicated school routes.    Data was sourced from the MyWay ticketing system which records passenger validations and cash sales using the netBI business intelligence software.
Percentage of adults who are obese (BMI) Source 1
Sources: State/County: California Health Interview Survey (CHIS) National: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), CDC/NCHS
2020 State Employee Pay as of COB June 30, 2020
Pay Information for calendar year 2020 as of June 30, 2020 for the employees of the State of Missouri by their Agency of employment, Position Title or Employee name.
Mapa Organizaciones sociales Municipio de Sabaneta
Organizaciones sociales en el municipio de Sabaneta.  Mapa correspondiente a la información  de la caracterización de las organizaciones sociales, como su ubicación , tipo y objeto.  Fecha: Noviembre del año 2019. Fuente: Dirección de Convivencia
Evento De Violencia De Genero En El Municipio De Villavicencio
Eventos de Violencia de Género en el Municipio de Villavicencio del primer trimestre del año Vigente
Establecimientos Comerciales Fresno Tolima
Establecimientos comerciales legalmente constituidos en el municipio de Fresno Tolima
Malawi Baseline Impact Evaluation: Community Data
Feed the Future initiative in Malawi is committed to improving food security and nutrition in farming households while reducing rural poverty through an agriculture-­led, integrated economic growth, nutrition, and natural resource management strategy. The goal of the impact evaluation is to determine whether integrating nutrition interventions  alongside agricultural value chain interventions will contribute to a greater reduction in malnutrition among children under 3 years of age, compared to nutrition improvements anticipated from stand-­alone value chain activities.    The main objectives are to enable USAID missions to meet the performance monitoring requirements of Feed the Future and maximize the use and benefits of data collected; provide high-­quality empirical evidence to inform program design and investment decisions that will promote sustainable food security; ensure timely availability of high­quality data for use in monitoring performance and evaluating impacts of the Feed the Future initiative; and facilitate accountability and learning about which Feed the Future interventions work best, under what conditions, and at what cost.
INSTITUCIÓN EDUCATIVA JUSTINIANO  ECHAVARRIA- SEDES
Sedes y Datos Básicos de las Sedes de la Institución Educativa Justiniano Echavarria
Cook County Check Register
This dataset provides a cumulative record of payment and invoice details for County suppliers, vendors and other payees. Data is from December 1, 2016 to present.  Payment data prior to December 1, 2016 is archived in the Cook County Check Register here: https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/Finance-Administration/Cook-County-Check-Register/gywr-fjeh
INVENTARIO DE BIENES INMUEBLES DE LA ALCALDÍA DE GRANADA
Listado de los bienes inmuebles propiedad de la alcaldía municipal
Evolución de la Matricula de Alumnos Total por Grados
Muestra la Evolución de la Matricula Total por Grados de estudiantes el municipio de Cúcuta desde el año 2009 hasta el 2018.
Code Compliance Inspections 2011 - Present
This dataset includes records that describe Code Compliance inspections that have been completed. Code Compliance inspections can be of 5 different types: Housing, Rental(RUCO), Nuisance, Vehicle, and Front Yard Parking.
2010 Primary - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
August 2010 primary election; final/official results by precinct.
FOIA Request Log - Health
FOIA requests received by the Chicago Department of Public Health as of May 1, 2010
Biz Care Measures By Month
BizCare output measures on a monthly basis
Hectáreas Sembradas Hortalizas en el valle del cauca año 2017
Hectáreas Sembradas Hortalizas en el valle del cauca año 2017
NYC Covered Building's List (2015)
The covered building list identifies properties required to comply with Local Law 84: Benchmarking.
Contratacion Diciembre 2017
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de diciembre de 2017 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloria General de Antioquia.
Capital Projects Tracker
A listing of all capital projects managed by NYC Parks, and a timeline for their completion.  Supporting documentation can be found at the following link (http://www.nycgovparks.org/bigapps/desc/DPR_CapitalProjectTracker_001.txt).  See JSON and XML feeds here https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Recreation/Capital-Project-Tracker/qiwj-i2jk
ESTABLECIMIENTOS POR ACTIVIDAD COMERCIAL TRIM 4 DE 2019
ESTABLECIMIENTOS POR ACTIVIDAD COMERCIAL TRIMESTRE 4 DE 2019
King County Employee Giving Program
The Employee Giving Program (EGP) is the workplace giving program for employees of King County government. It was established in 1988 to create an easy and cost-effective way for employees to support their favorite nonprofit organizations, reduce the disruption to the workplace that multiple campaigns caused, and introduce an avenue for different nonprofits to participate. Essentially, EGP exists to make it easy for you to do good.    In 1988, there were fewer than 10 nonprofit organizations participating. Today there are more than 1,000 with more added every year. Over this time, more than $25 million have been donated by King County employees, making this the third largest public sector workplace giving program in the state.    More information: <a href='https://www.kingcounty.gov/audience/employees/giving/about-the-egp.aspx'>https://www.kingcounty.gov/audience/employees/giving/about-the-egp.aspx</a>
Libraries for Range - 1.2.2
from app version nr 1.2.2 +
311 Service Request
Service Requests received by 311. The following Service Requests have their location randomized: Dog Complaints, Graffiti, Mosquito Complaints, Neighborhood Liveability Complaints, Sewer Backups, and Vacant or Derelict Building Complaints.  The randomization function changes the location to less than 500m in the X and Y directions, and always within the same neighbourhood.  The randomization occurs as a mechanism to ensure privacy for sensitive service requests.
Gov Stat MCPL SPM Spreadsheet
Supporting Measures for Montgomery County Public Libraries
Average Commute Time for Cook County Residents
American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates 2012–2017 DP03
Zonas WIFI del Municipio de los Patios
Zonas WIFI abiertas para la conexión a Internet
Medical Events
The Medical Events data set reflects information approved for general release by the Cambridge Police Department and the Cambridge Fire Department. All entries are inputted by dispatchers in the Emergency Communications Center (ECC). This data set does not reflect all events received by the ECC. Certain entries are not included due to concerns related to privacy, criminal investigation, or protected data. Additionally, not all entries reflect a dispatched response and some data may reflect a duplicate entry for a specific incident.    The decision for a medical incident to be coded as one of the three types is not a reflection of the importance of the call, and should not be misconstrued to mean that the dispatcher or Cambridge ECD feels that the call or caller are unimportant. We strive to provide the best possible emergency service to our constituents, and never withhold care due to classification. Within each Chief Complaint, there are rankings of severity and priority; for privacy and security reasons, we do not provide this information, but this internal ranking is often as important to the dispatcher as the category. All calls received at the Cambridge ECC are treated with the utmost care and respect.
Austin Recycles Games District Numbers
The Austin Recycles Games will calculate pounds of recyclables collected per household in each district for the months of December 2015 through March 2016.
Medically Supervised Injection Services - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from Part 1 of the March 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1583&as=y9uZ0LU45H&t=1      Open from March 14 - 21, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6696 Insight Community Members. 1850 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 1869 respondents completed the survey: 1850 Insight Community Members and 19 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Iowa Unemployment Insurance Replacement Rates (Annual)
The Replacement Rate is the ratio of the claimants' weekly benefit amount to the claimants' average weekly wage.  This represents an estimate of the portion of normal wages replaced by Unemployment Insurance benefit payments.  The calculations are based on sample data used for the Benefit Accuracy Measurement program.
2014-2015 Class Size Report District Level Detail Summary
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Structural Measures - Hospital
A list of hospitals and the structural measures they report. A structural measure reflects the environment in which hospitals care for patients.
Autocuidate
Autocuidado
Participation in Community Events
Increase participation in community events by 10% every year by June 30, 2021.
Biking and Road Safety - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the May 2019 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5enTBQVbIsLKnhCBvlqKoy?t=1  Open from May 14 - 21, 2019.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 11,525 Insight Community Members. 2,926 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 25%. A total of 2,946 respondents completed the survey: 2,926 Insight Community Members and 6 from the call to action button on our web page and 14 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Station Response Metrics - Updated
The LAFD updated the public facing metrics to include Operational Response Time in April 2017. This dataset is an archive of the metrics beginning January 2016.
1990-1999 Building Permit Listing
listing of building permits for new construction, demolition and additions/alterations/repairs and their characteristics
Feed the Future Northern Kenya Zone of Influence Survey Baseline - Household Dataset
Feed the Future seeks to reduce poverty and undernutrition in 19 developing countries including Kenya by focusing on accelerating growth of the agricultural sector, addressing root causes of undernutrition, and reducing gender inequality.  This baseline survey seeks to capture data on women’s empowerment in agriculture, household food security, consumption, nutrition, and wellbeing of households in the geographic areas targeted by Feed the Future interventions, known as Feed the Future Zones of Influence (ZOI). The ZOI in northern Kenya comprises nine counties and approximately two-thirds of Kenya’s total land area.  This dataset is a household-level file with records for each sampled household with a completed interview (n=1837, variables=102).
Expenditures Data
Expenditures includes the financial transactions conducted by the county. Names in some of the transactions have been redacted to protect individual names when providing them may violate privacy as per HIPPA, MGDPA, or other regulations. In these cases, the vendor name is replaced with the description of the account and "(redacted)".
Healthy And Sustainable Communities Data
Healthy And Sustainable Communities Data
911 Municipal Grants
This data shows how much each municipality receives in 911 grant funding on an annual basis.
Provides number of life insurance policyholders for each program by state as of 06/30/13.
<p>Number of life insurance policyholders for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 06/30/13.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially-adapted housing.</p>
Joint Training Institute (JTI) and Joint Safety Institute (JSI) Audit Documents
Click here to read the audit: https://controllerdata.lacity.org/views/4i3e-krmq/files/wE3nyRBxhBYswdaB_m7JHiWwQINaHg3myUQ1TUflZkg?filename=JTI%20JSI%20FINAL%20AUDIT.pdf&content_type=application/pdf%3B%20charset%3Dbinary    Financial documents and underlying data relating to City Controller Ron Galperin's audits of two trusts, the Joint Training Institute and the Joint Safety Institute, which are fully funded by the Department of Water and Power (DWP) and managed by a board made up of equal numbers of representatives from the City and from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 18, which represents the majority of workers at the DWP. All financial documents and data are audit documents created directly by the City auditor.
2018 Discrimination Complaints Filed By Month And Type
A discrimination complaint is filed when a formal charge is received at the Seattle Office for Civil Rights. This dataset shows the number of complaints filed by month and type in 2018.
Speed Camera Locations
This dataset shows the location, first operational date, and approaches of the speed cameras in the City of Chicago. The approach describes the originating direction of travel which is monitored by a speed camera.
Civil Service Exams for NYCHA Residents by Council District - Local Law 163 NYC Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS)
This dataset contains information about NYCHA residents who took a <a href="https://www1.nyc.gov/site/dcas/employment/take-an-exam.page">Civil Service</a> exams, which assess a candidate’s qualifications for a particular Civil Service title in order to ensure that the hiring process is competitive and fair. Using a list of NYCHA addresses, DCAS performed a data match with individuals who took Civil Service exams. Each row in the dataset represents the number of public housing residents by City Council District who took a civil service exam.    The dataset is part of the annual report compiled by the Mayor’s Office of Operations as mandated by the <a href="https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=2745761&GUID=2A9FB1D2-A1A8-4484-9D49-6F8332171B66">Local Law 163 of 2016</a> on different services provided to NYCHA residents. See other datasets in this report by searching the keyword “Services available to NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163” on the Open Data Portal.
Medallero convencional por deporte, juegos departamentales y paradepartamentales Cartago 2017
Set de datos donde se muestra organizado por deportes la cantidad de medallas que se obtuvo en los juegos departamentales y paradepartamentales Cartago 2017
Vivelab Oferta Puntos Lab
Vivelab Oferta Puntos Lab
Green Jobs Training
Data on the number of trainees for green business job training programs by year
Housing Affordability Index- California and San Mateo County
URL, CA Association of Realtors,
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo de aguacate hass, en el departamento de Cesar.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras a escala 1:100.000, para la formulación del Plan de Ordenamiento Productivo y Social de la Propiedad Rural, así como la realización del Análisis Hidrológico para generar soluciones de Irrigación para zonas y sectores productivos estratégicos en el departamento del Cesar. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de aguacate hass. Categorias:  - Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. - Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. - Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías.  - No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. - Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de aguacate Hass.
Ruta Transporte Escolar Municipio los Patios
Ruta de Trasporte Escolar Municipio los Patios,  Recorridos, Hora de salida, llegadas a Colegios, Segundos Recorridos.
Part I - Compiled EZ Assessor Reports - Reporting Years 2015-2017
This composite report "Part I. Exemptions on Qualified Property during the Current Property Tax Year" includes data from all Enterprise Zone County Assessor Reports for 2015, 2016, and 2017, and is Part I of a three (3) part report. For more information: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/Economic_Development.aspx.
Parque Automotor Activo Anual de Barranquilla Vigencias Anteriores
La información corresponde a los vehículos matriculados en el distrito de Barranquilla que se encontraban activos a 31 de diciembre en las vigencias Anteriores.
General Government Employees Demographics
Listing of demographic data for Metro Nashville general government employees.
Mortalidad_I_Semestre2019_HUEM
Datos de mortalidad en pacientes del HUEM durante el primer semestre de 2019
MORBILIDAD POR HOSPITALIZACIÓN - FEBRERO 2019
Morbilidad por hospitalización correspondiente al mes de febrero de 2019.
Marine Shoreline Critical Salmon Habitat
Property polygons in unincorporated Pierce County considered within 100' of "high quality salmon habitat shoreline areas" using the Nearshore Salmon Habitat Assessment. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_marine_shrln_crit_salmon_hab.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
State Of Utah Income Tax Collections By County 2011
This data set contains income tax collections by County in Utah for the tax year 2011.
Social Distancing: Park Areas
During the Covid-19 response, NYC Parks developed Social Distancing and Enforcement applications used by Parks and other city agencies. This dataset contains a comprehensive list of parks (or areas within a park) that can be selected in these applications.  Data Dictionary: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OalK5AVCqlGUIXVpBP1Xy5KiuclRbZIE7SqtOU5RrC4/edit?usp=sharing
2010 Census Population
Population and demographics data from the 2010 census for tracts in Hamilton County
Land Parcels: Assessment Parcels
This dataset contains the geometry for all Assessment Parcels in the City of Edmonton.
Food Inspections
This information is derived from inspections of restaurants and other food establishments in Chicago from January 1, 2010 to the present. Inspections are performed by staff from the Chicago Department of Public Health’s Food Protection Program using a standardized procedure. The results of the inspection are inputted into a database, then reviewed and approved by a State of Illinois Licensed Environmental Health Practitioner (LEHP). For descriptions of the data elements included in this set, go to http://bit.ly/tS9IE8  Note about 7/1/2018 change to food inspection procedures that affects the data in this dataset: http://bit.ly/2yWd2JB  Disclaimer: Attempts have been made to minimize any and all duplicate inspection reports. However, the dataset may still contain such duplicates and the appropriate precautions should be exercised when viewing or analyzing these data. The result of the inspections (pass, pass with conditions or fail) as well as the violations noted are based on the findings identified and reported by the inspector at the time of the inspection, and may not reflect the findings noted at other times. For more information about Food Inspections, go to https://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/cdph/provdrs/healthy_restaurants/svcs/food-protection-services.html.
Produccion y Regalias por Campo 2012
Las regalías son la contraprestación económica a favor del Estado por la explotación de recursos no renovables, como petróleo y gas, que se le otorgan a departamentos y municipios en cuyo territorio se adelantan explotaciones, y a los puertos por donde se transportan dichos recursos. Se incluyen los datos de producción de hidrocarburos y regalías, clasificados por departamento, municipio, contrato y campo durante el año 2012. Periodo 2012-enero hasta 2012-diciembre. Doce (12) ciclos.
Localización De Las Juntas De Acción Comunal - Galapa
Este Conjunto de datos contiene la Localización De Las Juntas De Acción Comunal del Municipio de Galapa - Departamento del Atlántico
Reclamaciones Saneamiento de Agua del Alcantarillado En El Municipio de Pereira
Este conjunto de dato presenta el Informe con el Número de reclamos mensuales de Saneamiento de Agua del alcantarillado en el Municipio de Pereira.
Plan ambiental-Consumo agua y energía por sedes de la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca
Conjunto de datos abiertos con información del nivel de consumo del servicio de agua y energía, discriminado por sedes, mes y año, de la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca.
Street Tree Census  Bronx
locations of trees in the Bronx according to the most recent tree census.
Código Postal de Sabaneta
Conozca las zonas de distribución del Código Postal en el municipio de Sabaneta.  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Parks Zones
Larger NYC parks (generally >20 acres) are subdivided into smaller sections that make inspecting these parks feasible and efficient.  These sections are called "zones."   The size and boundaries usually conform to one or more of the following criteria:  Zones should be inspectable in 1-2 hours; zone boundaries should follow the park’s features (paths, tree lines, etc) whenever possible; and/or conform to pre-existing boundaries used to divide the park for maintenance; and/or define a cohesive area within the park (ballfields, wooded areas, etc).  Besides zones, this layer contains a handful of Sitting Areas that are part of larger parks but could not be defined as zones due to their smaller size.
Office of Privacy and Data Protection - Activities
Activity tracking records for the Office of Privacy and Data Protection
Road Traffic Counts in Colorado 2019
Traffic counts on public roads under local jurisdiction in 2019. Provided by the CDOT.
Sandy DCF Summary
THIS DATASET IS FINAL AND NO FURTHER UPDATES ARE EXPECTED.  This is a summarized version of the DCF Master Data with key columns.
Feature Lighting (including light type, wattage and location)
This dataset contains information such as location, lighting type and wattage of feature lighting across City of Melbourne.     Feature lights are usually found around high profile areas of the city.
Medicare Home Health Agency (HHA) Provider by HHRG Aggregate Report, CY 2014
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Home Health Agency Utilization and Payment Public Use File, with information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries by home health agencies.  This table contains information on utilization and payment organized by home health agency and home health resource group (HHRG).
FY 2015 Dallas Animal Shelter Data
“Helping Dallas be a safe, compassionate, and healthy place for people and animals”.  Dallas Animal Shelter Data pertains to operational processes carried out by shelter personnel who assist citizens by receiving surrendered and stray animals, facilitating adoptions, transferring animals to rescue groups, and providing care to the animals in the shelter every day. Shelter personnel document their work using Chameleon software, an animal shelter management program.   This dataset reports activities between October 01, 2014 and September 30, 2015
Mine Hazards - Tunnels, etc
Arcs representing approximate areas above, adjacent to, or affected by old underground mine facilities that have a potential for subsidence in unincorporated Pierce County. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_potential_mine_hazards.html).   Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Measure Dates
Data Collection Periods for all measures on Hospital Compare.
Expenditures: State Agencies: Fiscal Year 2011
This report provides information on expenditures (i.e., cash transactions/payments) for the agencies that utilize the State Financial Management Application (SFMA) issued for the fiscal year 2011 (July 1, 2010 - June 30, 2011). See the Oregon Transparency Website Expenditure page for more detail: http://oregon.gov/transparency/expenditures.page
Uniform Land Use Review Procedure (ULURP) Recommendations
List of the Borough President's Recommendations on ULURP applications in Brooklyn.    Each Borough President has a role in the ULURP process, as stipulated in the New York City Charter. The Borough President reviews each ULURP application in Brooklyn and provides policy recommendations to the City Planning Commission and the City Council. This data set indicates his recommendations for all applications reviewed during his term in office. Each record corresponds to a separate application, and provides the following information: the application name, the application's ULURP number(s), the affected Community Board(s), the affected Council District (s), the recommendation date, and the nature of the Borough President's recommendation. This dataset also provides access to the PDF document of the complete recommendation. This data can be used by the public to learn about recent land use proposals across the Borough, as well as specific community boards.
Bodyworks Licenses
This dataset is a listing of all bodyworks licenses.  A bodyworks establishment is a business that provides acupressure, reflexology or other practices that involve using one's hand to apply pressure on an individual's fully clothed body, or bare feet, to affect the electromagnetic energy, energetic field or energy meridians of the human body. As required by Montgomery County Code; any person, partnership or corporation that operates an establishment that advertises bodywork services or where any employee, agent or contractor performs bodywork on an individual, must obtain a Bodyworks Establishment license. Update Frequency:  Quarterly
Mangrove Monitoring Data: Mangroves of Protected Area of Three Bays - Haiti
This data set contains biological information from important coastal mangrove areas situated at the border of, or near the targeted seascapes of the Caribbean Marine Biodiversity Program (CMBP). The data covers: raw species density, diameter at breast height, canopy cover and average heights; GIS data on all locations where data was collected.  Targeted seascapes and corresponding countries include:  1) The Mangroves of Bajo Yuna and Los Corozos - Samana Bay - Dominican Republic  2) The Mangroves of Protected Area of Three Bays - Haiti    This file reports data on mangroves of the Mangroves of Protected Area of Three Bays, Haiti.  The two datasets, "data" and "density" together describe each area.
Feed the Future Ethiopia Value Chain Activity FY 2018 Annual Performance Monitoring Survey - Chickpea
Input and labor costs, production, technology and good agricultural practice application, and sales variables related to chickpea during the December 2017-April 2018 production season. Data is long format.
Care 4 Kids School Age By Setting SFY 2016 Monthly
Care 4 Kids Number of Children, School Age Category by Setting Type and by Town, SFY 2016 Monthly. Care 4 Kids (C4K) is Connecticut's Child Care subsidy program. Includes total.
Current Traffic Incidents
Traffic incidents within Calgary updated every 10 minutes. For more information, see the <a href="http://www.calgary.ca/Transportation/Roads/Pages/Traffic/Advisories-closures-and-detours/Calgary-traffic-report.aspx">Calgary Traffic Report page</a>
Riesgo asociado con Socavación
El Municipio de San Luis de Palenque se ha visto afectado en los últimos años por eventos de inundación, como el ocurrido el primer semestre del año 2012 y lo transcurrido en los meses de Junio a Septiembre de 2015 por el fenómeno de la Niña, dejando afectaciones graves a los cultivos de pan coger,  a viviendas por problemas de Socavación y a infraestructura pública como puentes y escuelas. De acuerdo a lo reportado por los organismos de socorro del Municipio lo anterior sumado a  factores como la deforestación en la franja forestal protectora de caños y ríos, la ampliación de la frontera agrícola, la inadecuada planeación y construcción sobre las márgenes de las corrientes hídricas, la falta de mantenimiento en las obras, entre otros, por lo tanto es necesario realizar un estudio con el fin de analizar, evaluar e identificar las zonas de mayor riesgo para poder diseñar medidas de reducción de la amenaza.
Family Day Care Homes
This dataset will sunset and is no longer maintained. The following is updated on a nightly basis:  https://data.ct.gov/Business/Child-Care-Youth-Camp-Licensing-Program-Data/h8mr-dn95    Family day care homes are private family homes caring for not more than six children, including the provider’s own children not in school full time, where the children are cared for not less than three nor more than twelve hours during a twenty-four hour period and where care is given on a regularly recurring basis, except that care may be provided in excess of twelve hours but not more than seventy-two consecutive hours to accommodate a need for extended care or intermittent short-term overnight care. During the regular school year, a maximum of three additional children who are in school full time, including the provider’s own children, are permitted, except that if the provider has more than three children who are in school full time, all of the provider’s children are permitted.
Ambulatory Surgical Quality Measures - Facility
A list of ambulatory surgical centers participating in the Ambulatory Surgical Center Quality Reporting (ASCQR) Program and their performance rates.
Historic Clean Energy Grant Awards
The goal of the Clean Energy Grant Program is to increase the amount of renewable energy generated in the Maryland. Grants are available for solar photovoltaic, solar water heating, geothermal heating & cooling, and wind technologies. For more information, see http://energy.maryland.gov/Residential/cleanenergygrants/index.html.
Police - Selected Criminal Incidents
** Please note: As of February 6, 2019, we are having a data connection issue. This dataset is not updating daily. We hope to have daily updates running again soon. **   Robbery, burglary, theft of motor vehicle & theft from motor vehicle since 2005. Exact addresses are not displayed for privacy reasons.
Instituciones Educativas de Sabaneta
Descubra la información de las diferentes instituciones educativas públicas y privadas del Municipio de Sabaneta.  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Erie County, NY -- COVID Risk Index Score
Population over 60 (S0101), Women Who Had a Birth in the Past 12 Months (B13002), Below Poverty Level (B17015), No Health Insurance (B27001), Household Receiving SNAP Assistance (S2201), No Internet Access (B28002), Total Population (B01003) and Language at Home (C16001)
Santa Barbara County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Santa Barbara County.
NNDSS - TABLE 1W. Meningococcal disease, All serogroups to Meningococcal disease, Serogroup B
NNDSS - TABLE 1W. Meningococcal disease, All serogroups to Meningococcal disease, Serogroup B - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Electricity Net Metering by Utility in US
Metering for various energy companies broken down by month and state, since 2011, from the US Energy Information Administration (USEIA).
Number of community members who attended performances/events arranged through cultural and music contracts, CLL.B.5
This measure tracks the number of audience members who attend performances funded through the City of Austin's Cultural Funding Program. This measure is important because it shows the number of people experiencing and benefiting from our investment in these artists and arts organizations and verifies the funded events are indeed happening.
Economic Development Projects by Spending Type, 2010-2017
Annual data on Economic Development Projects by Spending Type. Data in Dollars.
Software Application Portfolio (SB272)
On October 11, 2015, Governor Brown signed SB 272 into law.  This bill requires local agencies to publish a list of “enterprise” systems.  These are systems that are used across multiple departments or that contain information collected about the public and are systems that serve as original sources of data within an agency.    Certain systems are exempt from disclosure, including:    •Emergency services systems.  •Information technology security.  •Building access.  •Mechanical controls.    This catalog will be reviewed and updated on an annual basis by July 1 of each year.  For more information, please visit http://sonomacounty.ca.gov/SB272/.
2018 - 2019 Average Class Size District K8
Class size information on K-8 classes by the district General Education and Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) classes and course sections with more than 100 students or fewer than seven students are excluded from this report, as are self-contained courses with fewer than two students
PBJ Daily Nurse Staffing CY 2019 Q2
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility.
Youth Tobacco Survey (YTS) Data
1999-2017.  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System.  YTS Data.  The YTS was developed to provide states with comprehensive data on both middle school and high school students regarding tobacco use, exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, smoking cessation, school curriculum, minors' ability to purchase or otherwise obtain tobacco products, knowledge and attitudes about tobacco, and familiarity with pro-tobacco and anti-tobacco media messages.  The YTS uses a two-stage cluster sample design to produce representative samples of students in middle schools (grades 6–8) and high schools (grades 9–12).  The data for the STATE System were extracted from Youth Tobacco Surveys from participating states.  Tobacco topics included are cigarette smoking prevalence, cigarette smoking frequency, smokeless tobacco products prevalence and quit attempts.
Cobertura Educativa Municipio de Marinilla
Este conjunto de datos contiene la cobertura educativa, la tasa de deserción y la tasa de repitencia  en el municipio de Marinilla
Rich School District Sage Scores 2014
Rich School District Sage Scores 2014
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of August 2018.</p>
Flu Shot Clinic Locations - 2012
List of Chicago Department of Public Health free flu clinics offered throughout the city. For more information about the flu, go to http://bit.ly/9uNhqG.
Srkw Acoustic Response Call Source Levels by Call Type and Noise Levels
InPort Dataset ID: 20600 InPort Entity ID: 35520 This table contains results from data collected in 2007-2009 and presented in Holt et al. 2009 JASA-EL and Holt et al. 2011 JASA.
Veredas
Listado de veredas del Municipio de Tauramena
RELACION DE LA RED VIAL SECUNDARIA DEL DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2019 (ESTADO DE LA VIA)
RELACION DE LA RED VIAL SECUNDARIA DEL DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2019 (ESTADO DE LA VIA)
Statewide Deer Harvest Utah 1925-1975
This data set is a summary of big game harvest information and monitoring efforts for Deer in the state of Utah.
INSTITUCIONES CERTIFICADAS EN CAPACIDAD DE PRODUCCIÓN PARA PRODUCTOS DE ASEO E HIGIENE DOMÉSTICA
INSTITUCIONES CERTIFICADAS EN CAPACIDAD DE PRODUCCIÓN PARA PRODUCTOS DE ASEO E HIGIENE DOMÉSTICA.
River Water Quality Index
The Alberta River Water Quality Index was developed as a way to summarize physical, chemical and biological data into a simple descriptor of water quality. The Index provides a simple snapshot of annual water quality conditions in major rivers of the province, such as the North Saskatchewan River. This index accounts for the inputs of all discharges in the region (municipal, industrial, agricultural and natural processes).
Rates Of Esophageal Cancer Per 100,000 All States
Rates Of Esophageal Cancer Per 100,000 All States
Water and Sewer Permits
The DEP Application and Permit data will contain information about the different types of applications approved and permits issued on a regular basis.
Emergency Management Department – Community Outreach - Second Quarter 2014
Community outreach conducted by the Emergency Management Department for the period of April - June 2014.
Chattanooga Half Marathon Route 2019
Note: Route is approximate and not the official length.
Registro de Activos de Información
El Registro de Activos de Información es en inventario de la información que posee, custodia o controla la entidad, independientemente del formato físico o electrónico.
AMRMS-Paths All
An aerial monitoring program was conducted during the period 1962 - 2007 in cooperation with aerial spotters working for the commercial purse seine fleet.  Flights were conducted throughout the year to estimate abundance of pelagic fishes off California and Baja California, Mexico. Measurements were recorded for each identifiable species in 10'-longitude by 10'-latitude blocks.   This data file describes which ocean blocks over which a pilot passes on a particular day and flight.
Tasa de intento de suicidio en Colombia, en un periodos comprendido de los años 2009 a 2015, por grupos de edad.
Fuente: Bodega de Datos SISPRO (SGD), Registro Individuales de Prestación de Servicios, RIPS, realizada en junio 27 de 2017
Brazilian Education Panel Databases
The Brazilian Schools Panel database and Brazilian Municipal Education Panel Database combine and simplify 20 years' worth of data from the Brazilian School Census, educational testing, and educational indicators. This report provides an introduction to the data and serves as a road map to their strengths and limitations.
Census Planning Database - Block Group - Geography
The Census Planning Database is produced by the U.S. Census Bureau. It assembles a range of housing, demographic, socioeconomic, and census operational data that can be used for survey and census planning.   The Planning Database uses selected Census and selected 2012-2016 American Community Survey (ACS) estimates. In addition to variables extracted from the census and ACS databases, operational variables include the 2010 Census Mail Return Rate for each block group and tract.  This dataset is a subset of the 2018 Census Planning Database, filtered for the state of Connecticut, and including variables relating to geography. Variables relating to population, households, housing units, census operations, and hard to count populations at the tract and block level can also be found on the CT Data Portal with the tag "Census 2020."
Población Sisbenizada en el Municipio de Tuluá
Población Sisbenizada en el Municipio de Tuluá por rango de edad y género
Docentes por genero 2018-1
Estadísticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
Public Housing Agency HUD Data Utah 2010
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents in Utah, summarized at the state, public housing agency (PHA), project, census tract, county, Core-Based Statistical Area and city levels as downloadable files
PLN_BNFT_PKG_TIER_CST_XWALK [impl]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_BNFT_PKG_TIER_CST_XWALK [impl], released on 2020-10-21.
Utah Schools Class Size 2020
This data set contains average class sizes by type of school (elementary, junior, high school) school district & specific class.  Data is from the Utah Board of Education for school year 2020.
TIF District Programming - 2018-2022
This dataset contains amounts shown in the TIF District Programming 2018-2022 reports as well as from 2023 through the planned expiration of each TIF district. The report and corresponding dataset show estimated fund and project balances through the end of FY 2017. Amounts shown in columns 2018 and later reflect known obligations and proposed projects as well as estimates of revenue based on the current equalized assessed value data for each TIF district produced by the Cook County Clerk.  Versions of this dataset are produced periodically for the then-relevant time periods, which will partially overlap, with newer versions having updated numbers. The immediately previous and next (if available) datasets are shown in the Featured Content cards for this dataset. All versions of this dataset can be found at https://data.cityofchicago.org/browse?tags=tif+district+programming.
Iglesias del Municipio de la jagua de ibirico - cesar
Iglesias del Municipio de la jagua de ibirico - cesar
DIR Customer List
This list is comprised of DIR customers.
Memphis Public Libraries Shapefile
The dataset describes the locations of the Memphis Public Libraries within the City of Memphis
Jobs Plus for NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163
This dataset contains information about <a href="http://opportunitynycha.org/workforce-development/jobs-plus/">Jobs-Plus</a> service, a place-based employment program designed to increase the earnings and employment of working-age residents in designated public housing developments or a cluster of developments. Each row in the dataset represents the number of public housing residents on a Borough-level who receive or utilize this service.  For datasets related to other services provided to NYCHA residents, view the data collection “Services available to NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163”.
Health Care Coverage Status (BRFSS): 2007-2010
Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) sample data were used to generate annual percentages of non-institutionalized adult (18+) NYS residents with/without health insurance coverage. Health care coverage percentages are provided for 2007 to 2010, and are available for a range of demographic and geographic categories (New York City/Rest of State; Sex; Race/Ethnicity; Age; Education; Income; Limitation Status; Employment Status; Mental Health Status).  BRFSS is a random digit dialing (RDD) phone survey of the health status and health behaviors of adult NYS residents. The sample covers between 6,000 and 9,000 completed interviews annually through this timeframe.   Data for 2011 forward are available at: https://health.data.ny.gov/Health/Health-Care-Coverage-Status-BRFSS-Beginning-2011/g5ce-hdeb
NYC Condom Availability Program - HIV condom distribution locations
This is a list of over 325 venues, across the five boroughs that actively distribute free safer sex products.  Product availability varies by venue. </p>  The NYC Condom Availability Program maintains a robust list of active venues where New York City (NYC) residents may access free safer sex products across all 5 boroughs of NYC. This list is updated through a variety of mechanisms supported by the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYC DOHMH). At minimum, different sub-sets of this dataset are updated monthly by several vetted DOHMH contracted agencies. Other subsets of this dataset are updated in real-time by NYC Safer Sex Portal users. This entire dataset is refreshed in OpenData on a daily basis.  This dataset shows where New York City residents can access NYC free safer sex products throughout the five boroughs. Each row represents pertinent information related to a single venue which distributes NYC safer sex products.   This data is collected and maintained to populate the NYC HealthMap (https://a816-healthpsi.nyc.gov/NYCHealthMap/home/) and may be used by other safer sex product [condom/lubricant] locators or map publically available locations.  This dataset does not represent all locations which received orders of free safer sex products from NYC DOHMH nor have the listed venues [locations] been endorsed by NYC DOHMH. Furthermore, while the data is sourced from the NYC HealthMap there could be a lag between what is visible inside the HealthMap’s user interface and what is seen on OpenData. The NYC HealthMap is updated ~hourly while OpenData is updated daily. If there are data discrepancies between your export and what is seen inside OpenData’s “View Data” please clear your browsing history/cache and restart your browser.
Hospital Acquired Conditions Reduction Program Results Utah Hospitals
Centers for Medicare Services began reducing Medicare payments for subsection (d) hospitals that rank in the worst performing quartile with respect to hospital-acquired conditions (HACs). Hospitals with a Total HAC Score above the 75th percentile of the Total HAC Score distribution may be subject to the payment reduction. This table contains a hospital’s measure, domain and Total HAC scores. The measure and domain scores comprise the Total HAC Score.
2006 - 2011 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results by Grade - Boro - All Students
New York City Results on the New York State English Language Arts (ELA) Tests, Grades 3 - 8  Notes:  As of 2006, the New York State Education Department expanded the ELA and mathematics testing programs to Grades 3-8. Previously, state tests were administered in Grades 4 and 8 and citywide tests were administered in Grades 3, 5, 6, and 7.  Starting in 2010, NYSED changed the scale score required to meet each of the proficiency levels, increasing the number of questions students needed to answer correctly to meet proficiency.  In 2007, the New York State Education Department updated its testing policy for English Language Learners: ELLs in an English Language School System for more than one year are required to take the ELA exam. Previously, ELLs in an English Language School System for less than 3 years were exempt from taking the ELA exam.
BASE DE DATOS DE AFILIACION JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL BARRIOS Y VEREDAS
BASE DE DATOS DE AFILIACION JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL BARRIOS Y VEREDAS
ESTADO INTEGRAL DE RESULTADOS 30 DE JUNIO DE 2019
Se informa sobre el estado financiero de la entidad  y se hace un balance general al 30 de Junio del 2019 de como están tanto los ingresos, los gastos y las utilidades en la empresa
Administrative Hearings - Tobacco Tax Violations - September 2011 to March 2012
Data includes tobacco tax violations between September 2011 and March 2012.
Public Access
Point locations of properties throughout Pierce County that allow public access on private property in return for a reduced property tax rate. Some restrictions to the public access may apply. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_public_access.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Licencias de Construcción
Licencias de Construcción emitidas por la Secretaria de Planeación y Obras Públicas
Road Closures
Chattanooga road closures
Población atendida con necesidades educativas especiales
El sistema educativo debe garantizar a niñas, niños, jóvenes y adultos, el respeto a la diversidad de su etnia, género, opción sexual, discapacidad, excepcionalidad, edad, credo, desplazamiento, reclusión, reinserción o desvinculación social y generar condiciones de atención especial a las poblaciones que lo requieran.
Public School Enrollment by Local Education Agency and School 2016-2017 Education
2016-2017 enrollments for all publicly funded schools in Pennsylvania as reported by school districts, area vocational-technical schools, charter schools, intermediate units, and state operated educational facilities. Local education agencies were asked to report those students who were enrolled and attending as of October 3, 2016.    County and Statewide Totals Notes:	    Statewide and county totals include counts of students attending education classes on a full-time basis outside their parents' district of residence. This data was obtained from the Bureau of Special Education (PENNDATA 2016).	      Intermediate Unit and CTC Part-day enrollments are excluded from county and state totals.	    Statewide and county totals are unique counts of students being educated by public Local Education Agencies. LEA and School level reports may not sum to the County and Statewide totals.	    Source: Pennsylvania Information Management System (PIMS)
Comment on Hazardous Waste Phase Two Rulemaking
DEQ invites you to comment on proposed rules to amend the hazardous waste rules. Public comment is accepted from Tuesday, 11/15/16 to 4 p.m., Friday, 12/23/16. Comments submitted outside that this period will not be accepted. We may modify the proposed rules based on public comments received by this deadline.
CAD Events 2017
Calls for service as recorded in the city of Mesa's computer aided dispatch (CAD) system for the year of 2017
Master Fund Finder Data 3-22-2019
Master Content For Fund Finder Prototype (3-22-2019)
CT OSC - State Retiree Pensions (2014)
Pension payments made to state retirees in 2014. Data is static.
Code Compliance Violations by Month
Number of code compliance violations, by type, by month since 2003. Sort the Date column in descending order to see the most recent months.
Mineral Claims / Claims miniers
Mineral tenure layer with the boundaries of current mineral claims and mining leases. / Couche des titres miniers avec limites des claims et des baux miniers actuels.
Producción 2193 Anual 2018
Decreto 2193 Producción Anual del año 2018
Larceny Data
Year to Date Larceny Data for 2019
Strategic Measure_TPL ParkScore Data
The Austin Parks and Recreation System's ranking on the Trust for Public Land ParkScore Index. This index ranks the park systems of the 100 largest cities in the U.S. based on park acreage, park size, park funding, park access, and a variety of other factors.  This data set supports HE.C.2 of SD23.  Data Source: Trust for Public Land (TPL) ParkScore Analysis  Calculation Method: The ParkScore is assessed by the Trust for Public Land  Survey and Analysis. The areas that make up the ParkScore categories include adequate acreage in proportion to a city’s population, services/amenities and investment, and parkland access. The ParkScore Ranking is based on a comparison of 100 participating cities in the United States, and a city’s ranking is based on a composite of their raw score in each category. The higher the score, the lower the ranking number you are on the list of 100 cities. The most desirable ranking on the list is one, currently Austin is ranked 43 out of 100.  Measure Time Period: Annually (Calendar Year)  Automated: No  Date of last description update: 4/1/2020
Missouri Weekly Feeder Cattle Weighted Average Report
Missouri Weekly Feeder Cattle Weighted Average Report
Vendor Payments Calendar Year 2016
A data set of payments made to vendors in 2016. Updated weekly. Checkbook level data. When analyzing this data be aware that the sum amount and voucher are unique amounts, the payment amount is the total of a check. A check often includes more than one voucher.  As a result of the Red Flag Commission recommendations, Ordinance 970032 was passed by the City Council Jan. 23, 1997. This ordinance requires the city to publish a report every two weeks listing all city payments.
6220P_Public Health
Performance measures dataset
2001-2013 Graduation Outcome School Level - ALL/ELL/SWD/ETHNICITY/GENDER/EVER_ELL/TRANSFER SCHOOLS
Every year, all parents, all teachers, and students in grades 6 - 12 take the NYC School Survey. The survey ranks among the largest surveys of any kind ever conducted nationally.   Survey results provide insight into a school's learning environment and contribute a measure of diversification that goes beyond test scores on the Progress Report. NYC School Survey results contribute 10% - 15% of a school's Progress Report grade (the exact contribution to the Progress Report is dependent on school type). Survey questions assess the community's opinions on academic expectations, communication, engagement, and safety and respect. School leaders can use survey results to better understand their own school's strengths and target areas for improvement.   The NYC School Survey helps school leaders understand what key members of the school community say about the learning environment at each school. The information captured by the survey is designed to support a dialogue among all members of the school community about how to make the school a better place to learn.
Tacoma Community Technology Survey 2016
To better understand how Tacoma residents use technology – as well as any related areas of need that may exist – the City of Tacoma surveyed 1,270 randomly selected households representing a diverse cross-section of the community in English, Korean, Khmer, Russian, Spanish and Vietnamese. The survey yielded a 41 percent response rate as well as detailed data that supported preliminary findings.
Road - Expenditures
2018-2019 Counties Road Annual Report - Expenditures, for the finance application.
Provider of Services - OTHER - June 2016
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV). The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly.
Indice Calidad educativa Intituciones Educativas
ANALISIS INDICE SINTETICO DE CALIDAD EDUCATIVA - MONTERIA
COBERTURA EDUCATIVA EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DEL QUINDIO
cobertura de educación en los municipios del quindio.
EstadisticasSolicitudesSegunTramiteAdministrativoJudicial
Muestra por municipio y departamento  las solicitudes de restitución, microfocalizadas e inscritas, ademas de las demandas de la ruta individual  presentadas por la Unidad Administrativa de Gestión de Tierras Despojadas y Abandonadas Forzosamente ante los jueces especializados de restitución de tierras de acuerdo a lo dictado por la Ley 1448 de 2011 y los decretos reglamentarios.
Indice Información Clasificada Reservada
El Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el Ministerio de Cultura, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
El Dorado County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in El Dorado County.
Timing Point Locations - Network 14
Locations of timing points in Network 14 used to calculate the on time running measure.
PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE CONSULTA EXTERNA MEDICINA POR GRUPO ETAREO Y SEXO AÑO 2018 ESE IMSALUD
Principales causas de consulta externa IMSALUD año 2018
Vital Signs: Highway Pavement Condition – by county
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Highway Pavement Condition (T17)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Distressed share of highway lane-miles    LAST UPDATED  February 2017    DESCRIPTION  Highway pavement condition, measured by the share of highway lane-miles flagged as “distressed” by Caltrans, reflects the regional pavement quality on the highway system. The dataset includes regional and road segment tables.    DATA SOURCE  California Department of Transportation: State of the Pavement Report  http://www.dot.ca.gov/hq/maint/Pavement/Pavement_Program/PDF/2015_SOP-7-9_12-22-15-FINAL_revised_1-4-15.pdf    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Caltrans datasets only include regional performance on a historical basis and rely on "distressed" lane-mileage as an indicator for poor pavement condition. The geospatial data for 2015 provides the condition on each lane-mile for each segment of roadway; data on a corridor basis reflects a sum of all lane-mileage for that corridor.   
SUSPENSIONES
Suspensiones Abril 2019
New York State Budget and Actuals: Beginning Fiscal Year 1994-95
This data includes disbursement information for the budget year and prior years going back to 1994 for all governmental funds.
listado_inscritos
Listado de inscritos a los distintos programas profesionales de la Institucion Universitaria Bellas Artes y ciencias de Bolívar en los periodos 2009-2019
Traffic Violations
This dataset contains traffic violation information from all electronic traffic violations issued in the County.  Any information that can be used to uniquely identify the vehicle, the vehicle owner or the officer issuing the violation will not be published.    Update Frequency:  Daily
Gig Car Share Home Zone
Gig's HomeZone is where Oakland Gig cars live and where you can start and end your trips.
Zonas Wifigratis Oficial Sucre
Zonas del Departamento de Sucre en las que se encuentran estaciones de Wifi gratis para la ciudadanía.
Income Stats 2014 State - 65 And Over
This report looks at income and tax statistics for filers age 65 and up organized by income (AGI) bracket.  Out-of-state filers are excluded from the analysis but their totals are included on a separate line.
Funding Positions of CalPERS Contracting Agencies
This dataset contains the Actuarial Liabilities, Actuarial Value of Assets, Unfunded Liabilities, and Funding Ratios for each Local Contracting Agency.
Summit County Monthly Seasonally Adjusted Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Summit County Monthly Seasonally Adjusted Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
ETS Fare History
Historical fare data for Edmonton Transit System (ETS).
2009 - 2010 School Progress Report
Progress Reports grade each school with an A, B, C, D, or F.  These reports focus on a school's learning environment, student performance, and student progress.  They were designed to help parents, teachers, principals, and others understand how well schools are doing—and compare them to other, similar schools.
Budget - 2012 Budget Ordinance - Positions and Salaries
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1, 2012.This dataset displays the positions and related salaries detailed in the budget as of January 1. It is extracted from the personnel portion of the Appropriation Ordinance. The dataset presents the position titles (without names) and salaries described in the budget, but does not provide a reflection of the current city workforce with full names and salaries. Disclaimer: the “Total Budgeted Units” column displays either A) the number of employees AND vacancies associated with a given position, or B) the number of budgeted units (ie. hours/months) for that position. “Position Control” determines whether Total Budgeted Units column will count employees and vacancies or hours/months. If a Position Control is 1, then employees and vacancies are displayed; if a Position Control is 0, then the total number of hours/months recorded is displayed. Owner: Budget and Management. Frequency: Data is updated annually. For information on the current city workforce, with names, positions and salaries, visit the "Current Employee Names, Salaries, and Position Titles" dataset: http://j.mp/iutKlR.
Issued Title V Facility Permits
Owners or operators of emission sources that are subject to 6 NYCRR Subpart 201-6 must obtain a Title V facility permit.      Draft permits are official versions of permits whose initial development is complete, and that are being noticed and made available for public review and comment.     These permits are prepared by the Division of Air Resources regional staff.
On-street Car Parking Sensor Data - 2020 (Jan - May)
The City of Melbourne has installed in-ground parking bay sensors in most CBD parking bays. These sensors record when a vehicle arrives and when it departs. Each record also includes the parking restriction for the bay and whether the vehicle has overstayed that restriction. This is the data for the period of Jan 1st 2020 to May 2020. This dataset was released to support customer requests to understand the impact of Covid-19 on city movement.
Listado Zona WIFI Municipio de Aguazul Casanare
Listado Zona WIFI Municipio de Aguazul Casanare
Detention Center Inmate Population Statistics: 2009 - 2014
Statistical information regarding inmate population by year and month.  Included average daily inmate population, number of meals served, number of admissions, number of releases, immigration detainee average population and U.S. Marshall detainee
Homicidios En Accidentes De Tránsito Según Día De Ocurrencia 1993 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados las Muertes por Causa Externa según eventos de Tránsito por día de ocurrencia de los hechos para los años 1993 al 2017
Expenditure Dataset
Operating expenditures and amended budget for the Town of Parker, CO
Multas y Sanciones SECOP I
Registro de las Multas y Sanciones generadas en la plataforma SECOP I
Quejas Peticiones Y Reclamos  de alcaldía de Condoto-Chocó
En este conjunto de datos pueden entrar información sobre las PQRS que se han registrado en la pagina web de la alcaldía de Condoto.
Urbanismo proyectos Municipio de Chia 2018
Información Urbanismo proyectos Municipio de Chia 2018
Lead Testing in School Drinking Water Sampling and Results: Compliance Year 2020
This dataset shows the lead testing in school drinking water sampling and results information reported by each NYS public school and Boards of Cooperative Educational Services (BOCES) for Compliance Year 2020.    Public Health Law (Section 110) and New York State (NYS) Department of Health regulation (10 NYCRR 67-4) mandate that NYS public school districts and BOCES test drinking water for lead contamination and report the results to parents, the NYS Department of Health, NY State Education Department, and local health departments. The regulation required school districts and BOCES complete their sampling by the fall of 2016, and test again in 2020, and at least every five years thereafter or at an earlier time as determined by the Commissioner of Health. This dataset shows the results of lead testing in school drinking water reported by each public school district and BOCES for Compliance Year 2020.     The Lead Testing in School Drinking Water regulations may be found here: https://regs.health.ny.gov/book/export/html/56608      Additional information about the Lead Testing in School Drinking Water program may be found here:    http://www.health.ny.gov/environmental/water/drinking/lead/lead_testing_of_school_drinking_water.htm    Data from other compliance years are also available on Health Data NY.
Salaries: ESD: Grant: Fiscal Year 2013
Salaries for Grant ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 15 Minute Intervals: 2016 Q1
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a MAYO de 2016
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Mayo de 2016 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
The COVID Tracking Project (was COVID Tracker)
Data from the COVID Tracking Project from The Atlantic.  Made available through Socrata COVID-19 Plugin via API. Data dictionary available: https://covidtracking.com/about-data/data-definitions  From the Web site: The COVID Tracking Project is a volunteer organization launched from The Atlantic and dedicated to collecting and publishing the data required to understand the COVID-19 outbreak in the United States.  This data
Strategic Measure_EOA.E.5
This dataset supports measure EOA.E.5 of SD23 Data Source: Affordable Housing Inventory Calculation: Number of CoC units being produced each year as sourced from the Affordable Housing Inventory (AHI) Measure Time Period: 2020 Automated: No Date of last description update: 08.17.2020  View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Number-of-new-Continuum-of-Care-CoC-units-construc/wib6-2kw7/
A Database on Currency Composition of  Firm  Liabilities in Latin America
This database provides information on the currency and maturity structure of firm liabilities for 10 Latin American Countries. The database builds on a joint project carried out by the research department of the IADB and 6 country teams in 2002. Country average data is available for immediate download in excel format below. Detailed information on the variables, sample and sources are provided in the documentation file (included in the zip file). Studies using this data should cite the source as: H. Kamil (2004), 'A new database on the currency composition and maturity structure of firms' balance sheets in Latin America, 1990-2002". Years covered: 1990-2002.
PW- PCIImprvmt Costs
Various measurements and goals related to maintaining or improving the City's pavement condition index (PCI)
SHIP Students Entering Kindergarten Ready To Learn 2014-2017
Students Entering Kindergarten Ready To Learn - This indicator shows the percentage of students who enter Kindergarten ready to learn. Readiness to learn in the first year of school is strongly linked to later school success, which is predictive of adult health. Full readiness to learn is defined as consistently demonstrating skills, knowledge, and behaviors which are needed to successfully engage in kindergarten curriculum
Rectores y Coordinadores Academicos de las Instituciones Educativas en el Municipio de POlonuevo
Rector de la Institucion Educativa Tecnica San Pablo, Coordinadores de sus sedes y Rector de La Institución Nuestra Señora Del Rosario.
Economy Panel LA - Data
EconomyPanel features demographic and economic data about the City’s fifteen council districts, broken down into six broad categories including: population, gender, income,employment, housing, and building permits.
Assessment Actions
Assessment Actions  Actions on Applications for Reducing Assessments or Reclassifying Property. Listed here are Tax Commission actions for reducing assessments or reclassifying property. KEY: YR=Assessment year; B=Borough (1=Manhattan, 2=Bronx, 3=Brooklyn, 4=Queens, 5=Staten Island); TC=Tax Class or subclass. Classification claims. Reductions are expressed in total actual assessed value. For condominiums, actions shown are for representative lots only.
Urban Federal Hwy. Boundary - 2010
Urban federal highway boundary (2010) polygon, determined by population density and used for highway planning to meet expected growth and serve as design standard. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbtrans_urban_fed_hwy_boundary_2010.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of May 2019.</p>
Short Term Radon Test Results By County And Zip Code Utah 2015
This data set contains Utah Dept of Environmentla Quality Division of Radiation Control short term radon test results by county and zip code as of March 2015.
ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs)
ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) are generalized representations of United States Postal Service (USPS) ZIP Code service areas.  The USPS ZIP Codes identify the individual post office or metropolitan area delivery station associated with mailing addresses. USPS ZIP Codes are not areal features but a collection of mail delivery routes.
FOIA Request Log - License Appeal Commission
FOIA requests received by the License Appeal Commission as of May 1, 2010
NOAA - Fish Stock Sustainability Index 2 (2014-present)
The Fish Stock Sustainability Index (FSSI) is comprised of 199 stocks selected for their economic, ecological, and social importance, that represent 85% of total catch. Each stock is given a score between 0 and 4 (0=status unknown; 4=meets all sustainable fishing criteria). The index (scored on a 1,000 point scale) increases when NMFS determines that a stock is either no longer subject to overfishing, no longer overfished, or its biomass has rebuilt or increased to at least 80 percent of target.  In FY 2014, NOAA revised the number and make-up of stocks in the index, as well as the score calculation methodology, in order to allow more flexibility regarding the number of stocks in the index. Although these changes resulted in a general increase in scores (since the maximum score increased from 920 to 1,000), the trend in scores remains the same. However, scores under FSSI 1 are not directly comparable to scores under FSSI 2.
FOIA Request Log - Innovation and Technology
FOIA requests received by Innovation and Technology as of May 1, 2010
Temporary Family Assistance Payments 2004 - Present
Temporary Family Assistance
Measuring Impact of Stabilization Initiatives Survey Data (MISTI), Village data: Section 5
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the fifth spreadsheet of six in the Measuring Impact of Stabilization Initiatives Survey Data (MISTI), Village data.
UGPP - Tasa de Evasión 2018
UGPP - Tasa de Evasión 2018
Land Database Data Only 2016
This data is based on https://data.austintexas.gov/Building-and-Development/Land-Database-2016/nuca-fzpt.  Please see that dataset for more information.
Oficinas y Corresponsales Bancarios del Municipio de Bugalagrande
En este documento se encuentra la ubicación con coordenadas geográficas (formato decimal) de las oficinas y corresponsales bancarios con las que cuenta el municipio de Bugalagrande - Valle del Cauca.
EDTIF Program Totals Utah 2006
Approved in 2005, EDTIF is a state incentive program that allows local governments to create “economic development zones” in order to encourage job creation and capital investment. New or existing businesses creating new jobs or significant capital investment within these zones may apply for a partial rebate (30%) for up to 20 years of taxes paid to the state. The rebate may apply to “new state income” generated by the job growth or capital investment, including the payroll tax of the new employees, corporate income tax, and sales tax. Qualifying companies must create new jobs paying at least the median state wage.
RHNA Draft Methodology Factors (2019)
Baseline: Jobs 2015-2017 (LEHD)
157- FY19  Proposed, Performance Metric Obj 2.2
Office of Homeland Performance Metrics Objective 2.2- Increase the number of county government personnel with specialized preparedness training. FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Top Twenty Fiscal Year 2018 Sales and Use Tax Expenditures
Top Twenty Fiscal Year 2018 Sales and Use Tax Expenditures
OLD - Confirmed Cambridge COVID-19 Cases - OLD
NOTE: This dataset is no longer being updated. For the latest data on COVID-19 cases in Cambridge, please refer to this dataset: https://data.cambridgema.gov/Public-Safety/Confirmed-COVID-19-Cases-in-Cambridge/inw8-ircw  Confirmed COVID-19 cases in the City of Cambridge as reported by the Cambridge Public Health Department. This dataset summarizes cases by age cohort and gender. Cambridge Public Health Department (CPHD) data regarding case counts come directly from MDPH and their surveillance system (MAVEN).  We use the language and terminology per the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidance, and recent guidance categorizes all confirmed or presumptive positive cases as positive.  CPHD understands that case counts may be higher, due to a number of factors:  (1)     Testing capabilities have been increased by other area lab organizations and hospitals and not all of the test results are reported to MDPH or CPHD.  (2)       People may be asymptomatic (or have very mild symptoms) and do not realize that they may have COVID-19 and need to be tested.  (3)       Providers may be offering diagnoses based on symptoms and history (rather than testing) and telling patients that they are likely positive and should stay home and self-quarantine for 14 days. (e.g, Someone might call their provider with a few symptoms and indicate that they were with someone from Biogen. In this case, the doctor may assume  positive for COVID-19 and ask the patient to self-isolate at home for two weeks).   This is the process that the CPHD, and all local health departments, is following.
Educación en el Riesgo de Minas - ERM
La Educación en el Riesgo de Minas (ERM) se define como el conjunto de procesos pedagógicos dirigidos a la población civil, que busca sensibilizar a la población ante el riesgo de las minas y fomentar una cultura de comportamientos seguros. Tiene sus inicios en nuestro país, a través de procesos de sensibilización en el año 2007. La base de información corresponde a las actividades de ERM realizadas por los operadores a nivel municipal desagregadas por grupos poblacionales y etarios.
Average Residential Price Of Electricity By State T5.21 1990-2012
Average Residential Price Of Electricity By State T5.21 1990-2012
Austin Code COVID-19 Complaint Cases
This dataset displays info on COVID-19 complaints which Austin Code has received since March 17th, 2020. This dataset is unique to Austin Code case responses and doesn't include case data from Austin Fire, Austin Police, or other entities responding to COVID-19 complaints.
2019 High Volume FHV Trip Records
This data dictionary describes High Volume FHV trip data. Each row represents a single trip in an FHV dispatched by one of NYC’s licensed High Volume FHV bases. On August 14, 2018, Mayor de Blasio signed Local Law 149 of 2018, creating a new license category for TLC-licensed FHV businesses that currently dispatch or plan to dispatch more than 10,000 FHV trips in New York City per day under a single brand, trade, or operating name, referred to as High-Volume For-Hire Services (HVFHS). This law went into effect on Feb 1, 2019.
Completed Lean Training Employee August 2016 - Current Monthly Business Area Office of Performance Through Excellence
This dataset contains summary information on completion of LEAN classroom and virtual courses by Commonwealth of Pennsylvania employees in support of the Governor’s initiative: “Government that works.” Lean is a systematic approach to reduce or eliminate activities that don't add value to the process. This approach is based on a set of principles which focuses on customer and encourages a workplace culture of employee engagement and respect for those who do the work. It’s about developing a mindset of continuous improvement and leveraging the knowledge of front-line staff, our subject matter experts, to identify incremental improvements that add up over time.  Governor Wolf is seeking to streamline state services to make them easier, better, and faster to the benefit of the citizens of PA through adopting a Lean culture in PA agencies. The goal is to increase efficiency, remove waste, and to rethink how we do business to improve state services and better meet the needs of our diverse customer base. While Lean found its roots in a manufacturing environment, specifically through the Toyota Production System (TPS), the concepts and tools and have been successfully applied across all industries. Having previously implemented Lean in his private business, Governor Wolf is currently working with commonwealth agencies to embrace Lean at an enterprise level and ensure front line employees have a voice to challenge the old way of doing business.”
London Borough of Camden - Spend Over 500 GBP 2015 & Current Year V1
This dataset comprises of all the London Borough of Camden's financial transactions over £500 since 2015 through the current year. The information includes the payment date, payment amount and payment beneficiary. This dataset will have new records appended to it approximately once a month; the Payment Date, Payment Month and Payment Year columns can be used to filter by epoch.
Establecimientos Educativos No Oficiales
Información Básica de los establecimientos educativos No Oficiales en el Departamento de Risaralda
Directorio de Extensiones
A continuación se describen todas las extensiones que les permitirán comunicarse con las oficinas de la Institución universitaria ITSA, en el campus Soledad y campus Barranquilla
Información Contable Publica Del Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Del 01-01-2017 A 31-03-2017
Información Contable Publica Del Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca Del 01-01-2017 A 31-03-2017
Traffic Counts
The Average Weekday Traffic Volume is a count of the number of vehicle axle pairs (a car has 2 axles) passing through a given location on an average weekday. This is the traffic volume over a one-day weekday period and is a summary of the data that is collected in 15-minute intervals. The 15-minute interval traffic volumes for a particular location are available through Mesa’s Interactive Traffic Count Map application at https://gis.mesaaz.gov/TrafficCounts
Lobbyist Data - Lobbyist Agency Report (Deprecated October 2015)
OUTDATED. See similar current data at https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/pahz-egmi -- The lobbyist agency report is part of the Lobbyist Activity Report, a notarized disclosure that must be filed twice each year (January 20th and July 20th). Lobbyists must report the name of each City agency lobbied and report whether lobbying involved legislative or administrative action, and give a brief description of the legislative or administrative action promoted or opposed. All lobbyist agency reports are submitted to the Board of Ethics in paper form and are available in their entirety in the Board's offices. The Board has, since 2000, compiled and posted static lists of all lobbyists and their clients online. / Data Owner: Board of Ethics [http://j.mp/mbH9BN] / Time Period: January 1, 2011 to present / Frequency: Data is updated daily  / Related Applications: Registered Lobbyist List [http://bit.ly/FOctNY]
AFSC/RACE/GAP/Orr_An annotated checklist of the marine macroinvertebrates of Alaska and a retrospective analysis of the groundfish trawl database.
Drumm_etal_2016_InvertebrateChecklist_Table1. Number of species found in Alaskan marine waters, comparing numbers of species listed in the most comprehensive recent checklist of Austin (1985) and the present checklist.  A comprehensive species list of marine invertebrates of Alaska has been lacking. The checklist of Austin (1985) treated the marine invertebrates of the southern coast of Alaska to California and since then many new species have been described, many range extensions have been discovered, and considerable changes in higher-level systematics have been made. The checklist we compiled lists over 3,500 species and includes the currently accepted scientific name and its significant synonyms, common names, type localities, geographic and depth distributions, a general statement of abundance in Alaska when known (e.g., rare, uncommon, common, abundant), and general remarks. This checklist will serve as a foundation for future species-specific research. Updated species lists are necessary to reflect the current state of biodiversity knowledge and are thus essential for conservation planning and management. To monitor and predict future changes to marine life, the distribution and abundance of marine species need to be better understood, and this can only be achieved with reliable identifications based on a sound taxonomy. The current status and future directions of Alaskan marine invertebrate biodiversity are briefly discussed.
PD- Traffic Injuries
The number and type of injuries related to traffic accidents
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACIÓN ANTIOQUIA NOVIEMBRE -2019
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de noviembre de 2019 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia.
FY2015 Repayment, Revenue, And Property Returned
Provides data for repayments, revenue, and property returned for economic development programs.
Produccion Fiscalizada de Gas 2014
La medición de la producción fiscalizada de hidrocarburos es un proceso que consiste en medir y determinar los volúmenes de petróleo, gas natural y condensados en los puntos de fiscalización de las empresas contratistas que operan en los diferentes lotes petroleros en nuestro país, de acuerdo con procedimientos basados en los Estándares Internacionales del API, ASTM, AGA. Se incluyen los datos de producción fiscalizada mensual de gas durante el año 2014. Periodo 2014-enero al 2014-diciembre. Doce (12) ciclos.
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Schedule B1 - Loans Received
This dataset includes all itemized loans received ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Schedule "B1" Loans Received from 1998 to the present.The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
ARCHIVED - RCCL 3.1 Inspections By Inspection Type and County FY08- FY17
Residential Child Care Licensing (RCCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Terminados academicamente 1-2019
Estudiantes que han terminado academicamente y están en tramites de trabajos de grado para el primer semestre de 2019 en la UPTC
Utah Coal Mines
Utah Coal Mines
Woods Cross Police Data
This data set contains Woods Cross Police Data.
2014 Department of Rehabilitation Services
2014 Department of Rehabilitation Services information on numbers of consumers served and services provided
Producción procesos asistenciales HGM - 2014 - 2018
Es un documento gerencial que muestra la gestión de las áreas funcionales de la organización enmarcando la producción de los servicios habilitados de las áreas asistenciales del hospital en un periodo determinado, comparado a 5 años, 2014 a 2018,  reflejando la variabilidad y las tendencias de estas en el tiempo
Cost Burden ALL CHAS
Each year, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) receives custom tabulations of American Community Survey (ACS) data from the U.S. Census Bureau. These data, known as the "CHAS" data (Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy), demonstrate the extent of housing problems and housing needs, particularly for low income households.
BARRIOS ATENDIDOS BIBLIO-TRÁILER 2018 MUNICIPIO LOS PATIOS
BARRIOS ATENDIDOS BIBLIO-TRÁILER, ARTE Y CULTURA SOBRE RUEDAS  MAYO-JUNIO-JULIO-2018
Oregon Medicaid CAWEM Emergency Diagnosis Codes
List of diagnosis codes covered for emergency services billed under the Citizen-Waived Emergency Medical (CAWEM) benefit package (CWM). To learn more about CAWEM coverage, see Oregon Administrative Rule 410-120-1210(d).
[ARCHIVED] Aquaculture Production 2006-2011
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table provides aquaculture production.  Dollar values, share of total, Kilograms.  Geographies available: Counties
Number Of Reported Cases Of Notifiable Conditions Travis County 2007-2018
Provides the number of cases of over 70 notifiable or reportable conditions in Travis County by year of report.  Blank cells note the condition was not reportable for that year.  The number of cases is obtained from the National Electronic Disease Surveillance System managed by staff in the Epidemiology and Disease Surveillance Unit, Austin Public Health.
Provider Info
General information on currently active nursing homes, including number of certified beds, quality measure scores, staffing and other information used in the Five-Star Rating System. Data are presented as one row per nursing home.
Juvenile Felony Arrests
For San Bernardino County and California, annual count of juvenile felony arrests among youth under age 18 and rate per 1,000 population ages 10-17.
FY2015 City of Providence Proposed Budget
The Mayor's proposed budget for the Fiscal Year July 1, 2014 through June 30, 2015
2016 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Michigan Strategic Fund Designated Renaissance Zones
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/2016-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report-Final/gdux-qms2/data?firstRun=true
Forestry Inspections
Record of Forestry inspections for NYC Parks & Recreation. Inspections are initiated by a service request or internal process and may result in a work order.   Inspections are used to record field observations.  ForMS 2.0 requires that Inspections can only be created from either a Tree Point or Planting Space based on the asset in question.  Inspection types vary depending on the inspector’s workflow:  • level 1 (limited visual) • level 2 (basic)  • level 3 (advanced) • Re-inspection • Sidewalk Rating (Trees and Sidewalks Inspections) • General – Planting Space (Street Tree Planting Inspections)  This dataset can be joined to the Forestry Tree Points dataset by joining TreePointGlobalID from Forestry Inspections to GLOBALID from Forestry Tree Points.  User guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PVPWFi-WExkG3rvnagQDoBbqfsGzxCKNmR6n678nUeU/edit?usp=sharing  Data dictionary: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yMfZgcsrvx9M0b3-ZdEQ3WCk2dFxgitCWytTrJSwEAs/edit?usp=sharing
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a JUNIO de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 30 de Junio de 2015 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Opioid Related Treatment Admissions by Town in Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services Programs
Town level data on depicting the number of admissions, and individuals served per year in treatment programs funded or operated by the Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services, where the primary drug at admission was an opioid. Clients entering these programs were treated for their opioid related disorder as a result of it being the primary drug at the time of admission. This dataset does not reflect ALL individuals in Connecticut who have participated in an opioid related treatment program, but only service provided by the Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services, nor are these programs specifically designated as "opioid treatment."    * Values less than or equal to 5 and greater than 0 have been suppressed to protect the identity of individuals.
Expenditures: ESD: Willamette: Fiscal Year 2014
Expenditures for Willamette ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
Rampas de acceso público para personas con limitación de movilidad de Guadalajara de Buga / Public access ramps for people with limited mobility of Guadalajara de Buga
Información sobre la ubicación de las rampas de acceso público de Guadalajara de Buga / Information on the location of the public access ramps of Guadalajara de Buga
Commission Districts
Commission Districts boundaries
Internet Fijo Penetración Departamentos
Número de suscriptores con acceso fijo a Internet para cada uno de los departamentos de Colombia según los datos reportados por los proveedores al último día de cada trimestre . Basados en estos datos, y en las proyecciones del DANE para la población por departamento, consolidado 2015-4T al 2019 1T, se muestra el porcentaje de penetración de Internet fijo para cada trimestre.
Somerville_Services
Contains work order, service request, and 311 data dating from 2015 to the present.
Child And Adult Care Food Program Total Meals By State 2010-2014
Child And Adult Care Food Program Total Meals By State 2010-2014
Vital Statistics Live Births Percent Early or Late/No Prenatal Care by Mother's Race/Ethnicity and Resident County: Beginning 2008
This dataset contains the percentage of New York State live births with early prenatal care and late or no prenatal care by the mother’s race/ethnicity and county of residence. The data presented here may not by the same as the Vital Statistics table on the DOH public web due to data updates. For more information, go to: http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/vital_statistics/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
Directorio Funcionarios Alcaldía Medio Baudó
Contiene la información de ubicación de los funcionarios de planta de la alcaldía de Medio Baudó
Relación de Luminarias Retiradas de La Carga Aforada
Listado de Relación de Luminarias Retiradas de La Carga Aforada En Diciembre De 2019
Davis County Medicare Cost Data 2004-2014 FINAL
The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org).  The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
Child Care Information Bank
A public listing of child care providers and facilities that volunteered to be included in the Strathcona County Child Care Information Bank.  The following data is provided by the public completing an online form and then is validated by staff in the Family and Community Services department.    This Bank is not intended to serve as a legal document, but only provides general information about choosing child care.  It is not a replacement for consulting the Child Care Licensing Act nor should it be considered to be a fully authoritative or a comprehensive guide to obtaining child care.  Strathcona County assumes no responsibility to any person or persons for relying on the information contained in this publication, nor shall the County be held liable for any damage caused to any person, whether negligently or otherwise.
Matrículas Vigentes en Instituciones Educativas del Departamento de Nariño Jornada de la Mañana
Datos relacionados con matrículas Educativas Jornada de la Mañana, en las Instituciones Educativas y sus sedes, en cada municipio del departamento de Nariño año 2016.
2006-7 College Graduate Wage By Education Level
2007 Utah College Graduate Wage Levels by Educational Level
NNDSS - Table II. Rubella to Salmonellosis
NNDSS - Table II. Rubella to Salmonellosis - 2016.  In this Table, provisional* cases of selected† notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.  Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:  C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.   NP:  Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum.      * Case counts for reporting year 2016 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.  † Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.
Enhancing Microsimulation Models for Improved Work Zone Planning: Car-Following Data from Western Massachusetts (Radar Points)
The data describe freeway car-following behavior (such as velocity, acceleration, and relative position) for the car-following instances observed during 6 data collection runs, collected using an Instrumented Research Vehicle (IRV) along freeways and arterials in western Massachusetts in the summer of 2016 to better understand work zone driver behaviors. The USDOT Volpe National Transportation Systems Center (Volpe Center) identified, isolated, and classified individual car following instances from within the raw datasets (classification parameters included roadway type, level of congestion, and speed limit), then processed, refined, and cleaned the dataset.  This table contains the instantaneous data processed from radar and GPS. See also the instances table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/b3k6-qwyh) and runs table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/74ug-57tr).
JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE SABANAGRANDE (GOBERNACIÓN DEL ATLANTICO)
Listado de las Juntas de Acción Comunal Municipio de Sabanagrande, Departamento del Atlántico.
Cast Iron Water Main Replacement
Cast Iron Water Mains replaced or relined per year
College Aid Awards and Payments to Iowa Students by Academic Year, Institution and Program
State scholarships and grant programs provide funding to assist Iowa students in paying for postsecondary education in Iowa. Programmatic reports provide information about the total number of applicant awards, and the total payments received by applicants under each program administered by the Commission.
Table Attachments 2019
DEQ invites the public to comment on this proposed rule from Feb. 19, 2019 to March 21, 2019. Comments submitted outside this time period will not be considered.
Elliott Bay Trail in Myrtle Edwards Park Bicycle and Pedestrian Counter
These sensors counts both people riding bikes and pedestrians. Separate volumes are tallied for each travel mode. Wires in a diamond formation in the concrete detect bikes and an infrared sensor mounted on a wooden post detects pedestrians. The counters also capture the direction of travel for both bikes and pedestrians.  The temporary counter data from 5/10/2013 to 12/11/2013 have been combined to this data set which counted only bikes and not pedestrians.
BIBLIOTECAS DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER
Base de datos de las Bibliotecas de los municipios del Departamento de Santander con los programas que ofrecen.
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Access to Credit
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
Comment on Petition to Designate Outstanding Resource Waters
Comment period open March 16 through March 31, 2016. Comment made outside this period will not be considered.
COMMUTING
Source: ACS 1-year estimates     https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_1YR/S0801/1600000US4459000
2013-2014 Class Size Report Borough Level Distribution Summary
This file shows the range and distribution of class sizes within a particular grade and program type. For grades 5-9 (where available) and 9-12, the data are shown by program type and core subject.
Federal Government Leased Buildings in Utah
This data set contains properties owned by the General Services Administration (GSA) in Utah. Data includes: Location Code - GSA’s alphanumeric identifier for the building Owned or Leased - Indicates the building is Federally Owned (F) or Leased (L) GSA Region - GSA assigned region for building location. Street Address/City/State/Zip Code - Building Address. Latitude and Longitude - Map coordinates of the building. Building Rentable Square Feet - Total Rentable Square Feet in building. Available Square Feet - Vacant Space in building. Construction Date - Date of year built. Congressional District - Congressional District building is located. - Senator/Representative/URL - Senator/Representative of the Congressional District and their web address.
Registro Único de Prestadores de Servicios Públicos-RUPS
Prestadores de Servicios Públicos Domiciliarios de Acueducto, Alcantarillado, Aseo, Energía y Gas en Colombia incluido los datos de contacto.
Asset Inventory
This dataset is an inventory of the assets on the site. Here you can track the performance of data publishing, metadata maintenance, as well as present an overview of what data exists on the site.  Note: This is only updated once per day.
Charter School Aggregate Days Of Membership 2005
This data set contains the average daily membership counts for Charter Schools in Utah for the school year 2005.
A Map Of Gold King Mine Sediments Aug 31 2015
A Map Of Gold King Mine Sediments Aug 31 2015.  EPA sediment samples collected on August 25th from locations along the San Juan River have been validated. The metal concentrations of the samples were below soil / sediment recreational screening levels (RSL). Based upon the sediment sampling results, sediment sample concentrations are trending toward pre-event conditions.
Nova Scotia Community Clusters Census Population
Nova Scotia Community Cluster Census Population for 2011 and 2016. Includes the following data fields: Census Year, Zone, ZoneID, Community Health Network, NetworkID, Community Cluster, ClusterID, Population Un-Weighted, Population Weight, Population After Weighting
Campaign Finance - Status Of Voluntary Expenditure Ceiling VECs In November 4, 2014 Election
Under S.F. Campaign and Governmental Conduct Code 1.128, a candidate who wishes to accept the voluntary expenditure ceiling must file Form SFEC-128 no later than the August 8, 2014 deadline for filing nomination papers. In a race where at least one candidate has accepted the VEC, all candidates running for office in the same race must file Form SFEC 134(b) within 24 hours of receiving contributions, making expenditures, or having funds that exceed 100 percent of the applicable VEC. In addition, any person other than a candidate committee who makes or incurs expenditures for the purpose of distributing independent expenditures, electioneering communications, or member communications that clearly identify any candidate that equals or exceeds $5,000 per candidate, must within 24 hours of each time it reaches the $5,000 threshold file a Third Party Disclosure Form.
Datos Transporte Masivo
Capacidad transportadora, , ruta y distancia promedio recorrida en el sistema de transporte masivo del área metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Compulsive Gambler's Fund
Public Act 86-312 established a permanent program for the treatment and rehabilitation of compulsive gamblers in the State
Registro de los últimos 50,000 contratos registrados en la Oficina del Contralor al 14 de abril de 2014
Fuente: Oficina del Contralor de Puerto Rico (OCPR)  Nota: Detalles como cuantía, fecha de otorgamiento, vigencia, contratista, etc. de los últimos 50,000 contratos registrados en la OCPR.
Home and Hope Rotating Shelter
Home and Hope Rotating Shelter. HSARS Measure K
Dynamic Message Signs (DMS)
This dataset contains information on the handful of dynamic message signs (DMS) deployed across the City of Austin. The data is maintained by the Arterial Management Division of the City of Austin Transportation Department.    ***THIS DATASET IS UNDER ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANYTIME. IT MAY CONTAIN INCOMPLETE OR INACCURATE INFORMATION***
WIC Participation By State 2010-2014
WIC Participation By State 2010-2014
Vision Service Plan (VSP) – Vision and Eye Health Surveillance
2016. This dataset is a de-identified summary table of vision and eye health data indicators from VSP, stratified by all available combinations of age group, race/ethnicity, gender, and state. VSP claims for VEHSS provides a convenience sample of vision insurance members representing approximately more than 1 in 4 of the U.S. population. VSP uses a web-based claims submissions system to collect and process claims. The denominator of the rates represents persons with VSP benefits as reported by employers, and is subject to some uncertainty.  VSP data for VEHSS include Service Utilization and Eye Health Condition indicators.  Certain ophthalmic conditions and procedures are covered by health insurance and are not covered by managed vision insurance, claims based eye disease prevalence may therefore be expected to undercount true prevalence.  Person level claims and person counts are not publically available.  Reported rates were suppressed for de-identification to ensure protection of patient privacy. Detailed information on VEHSS VSP analyses can be found on the VEHSS VSP webpage (link). Information on VSP data can be found on the VSP website (www.vsp.com). The VEHSS VSP dataset was last updated in June 2018.
Percentage of Drivers and Front Seat Passengers Wearing Seat Belts, 2012 & 2014, Region 6 - Dallas
Source for 2012 national data: National Occupant Protection Use Survey (NOPUS), 2012. Source for 2014 national data: National Occupant Protection Use Survey (NOPUS), 2014.  Source for 2012 state data: State Observational Survey of Seat Belt Use, 2012. Source for 2014 state data: Seat Belt Use in 2014- Use Rates in the States and Territories
Property Tax - Allocations
2003-2020 Property Taxes Annual Report - Allocations, for the finance application.
[ARCHIVED] NHS Language at Work
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports language of work, by sex. This data is sourced from the 2011 National Household Survey.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Movilidad forzada desplazamiento, 2017, Chaparral, Tolima
Población victimizada de desplazamiento por grupo quinquenal y sexo municipio del Chaparral, 2017.
Colorado Licensed Child Care Facilities Report [Time Series]
This dataset is a series of all non-24 hour licensed child care facilities in the State of Colorado stored in time order (time series). It is updated twice a month, and is intended for public use. It includes report dates, CDHS-issued child care license numbers, legal business names as they appear in the licensing application, the types of service the programs provide, the physical location address es of the programs as they appear in the licensing application, the longitude-latitude coordinate values derived from geocoding services and spatial QA, the valid Colorado Shines quality rating levels (if applicable), total licensed capacities, and CCCAP utilization and fiscal agreement.  Disclaimer: The State of Colorado, the Colorado Department of Human Services, and the Office of Early Childhood make no representations or warranties expressed or implied, with respect to the use of data provided herewith regardless of its format or the means of its transmission. There is no guarantee or representation to the user as to the accuracy, currency, suitability, or reliability of this data for any purpose. The user accepts the data “as is”. The State of Colorado assumes no responsibility for loss or damage incurred as a result of any user reliance on this data. Users of this information should review or consult the primary data and information sources to ascertain the usability of the information. The State of Colorado does not necessarily endorse any interpretations or products derived from the data.
Feed the Future Rwanda Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-Time Use File
Feed the Future Rwanda Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence: This dataset (n=17,964, vars=112) is the second of two datasets needed to calculate the WEAI-related measures. It includes the 24-hour time allocation data from Module G6, the time use module, and thus each respondent on Module G has multiple records, one for each of the 18 time use activities (998 respondents x 18 activities = 17,964 records.)
Evaluación de Tierras con fines Agrícolas para el cultivo de Arveja (Pisum sativum L.), en el departamento de Nariño.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicaciónde la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Nariño a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 222 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Universidad de Nariño. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de arveja. Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de arveja.
Directorio Turístico Municipio de Sopó
Información general de los puntos turísticos del municipio de Sopó, en diferentes secciones como Turismo de Aventura, Alojamiento, restaurantes y agencias de Viajes.
Mechanical Permits
List of permits regarding mechanical work for commercial and residential buildings. Includes work involving heating/cooling systems, electrical systems, and home renovations.
DWR Final Permit
A Final Permit is a document issued by the Colorado Ground Water Commission that establishes, or adjudicates, an absolute designated ground water right within a Designated Basin.
Institución Prestadora De Salud Del Municipio De Baranoa
Institución Prestadora De Salud Del Municipio De Baranoa
OBRAS EJECUTADAS EN 2019 MUNICIPIO DE LOS PATIOS
Obras Ejecutados en 2019 Municipio de los Patios (Infraestructura)
WA-APCD Quality and Cost Summary Report: County Cost
WA-APCD - Washington All-Payer Claims Database  The WA-APCD is the state’s most complete source of health care eligibility, medical claims, pharmacy claims, and dental claims insurance data. It contains claims from more than 50 data suppliers, spanning commercial, Medicaid, and Medicare managed care. The WA-APCD has historical claims data for five years (2013-2017), with ongoing refreshes scheduled quarterly. Workers' compensation data from the Washington Department of Labor & Industries will be added in fall 2018.  Download the attachment for the data dictionary and more information about WA-APCD and the data.
FY16 YTD IT Spend By Functional Group
Year to date IT Spend numbers for fiscal year 2016
Your Community - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the April 2019 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5enTBQVbIsLKnhCBvlqKoy?t=1  Open from April 9 - 16, 2019.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 11,265 Insight Community Members. 3,163 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 3,180 respondents completed the survey: 3,163 Insight Community Members and 9 from the call to action button on our web page and 8 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
DSS Types of Assistance (TOA) Participation CY 2012-2019
Number of active recipients who received benefits from a type of assistance (TOA) in that calendar year. A recipient may have received benefits from multiple TOAs in the same year; if so that recipient will be included in multiple categories in this dataset (counted more than once.) For privacy considerations, a count of zero is used for counts less than five. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed:     1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016.     2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 11/30/2018 the counts were revised because of a change in the way active recipients were counted in one source system.
SAGE Testing Results Utah By Subject And Grade 2015 2017
This data set represents SAGE testing/assessment results for all schools in Utah by subject area and grade level for 2015, 2016 & 2017.
Plan_de_Adquisición_2016
El principal objetivo del Plan Anual de Adquisiciones es permitir que la entidad estatal aumente la probabilidad de lograr mejores condiciones de competencia a través de la participación de un mayor número de operadores económicos interesados en los procesos de selección que se van a adelantar durante el año fiscal, y que el Estado cuente con información suficiente para realizar compras coordinadas.
Asistencia Técnica A Ganadería Mes de Octubre de 2016
Asistencia Técnica A Ganadería Mes de Octubre de 2016
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 7, Figure 14
Proportion (%) of ACT Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander children aged 60–63 months fully immunised, 2010–17.  Source: Australian Government Department of Health historical coverage data tables for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander children.  Note: The very low numbers of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander children in the ACT means that ACT Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander coverage data should be read with caution, as the immunisation coverage rates can fluctuate greatly. Coverage rates can vary dramatically between cohorts and between reporting periods.
Open Publishing Plan Dataset
City-wide inventory of publishable datasets. Datasets published through the plan are those not associated with potentially sensitive, non-confidential information that can be provided in use-appropriate formats. The publishing plan is updated quarterly.
PC TSSB WKLY
ICSD
Contratación Mes de Octubre de 2019 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de octubre de 2019, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
Terminados academicamente 2-2019
Estudiantes que han terminado academicamente y están en tramites de trabajos de grado para el primer semestre de 2019 en la UPTC
In Review Site Plan and Subdivision Cases with Environmental Review
Cases currently in review by LUR and in Austin's Full Jurisdiction
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS096
Driver Feedback Sign DFS096  Latitude: 53.537456 Longitude: -113.495745  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Provides number of life insurance policyholders for each program by state as of 10/31/12.
<p>Number of life insurance policyholders for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 10/31/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially-adapted housing.</p>
DEPORTISTAS PARTICIPANTES EN PROGRAMAS RECREATIVOS DEL ILIDER LÍBANO 2016-2019
Listado de cantidad de deportistas participantes para actividades en programas recreativos liderados por el ILIDER en El Líbano Tolima.
Información Clasificada y  Reservada
indice de información clasificada y reservada
Title V Emissions Inventory: Beginning 2010
A list by county of New York State Title V facilities and the air pollutants emitted from those facilities.
AFSC/ABL: Chinook allozyme baseline
Allozyme variation was used to examine population genetic structure of adult chinook salmon, Oncorhynchus tshawytscha, collected between 1988 and 1993 from 22 spawning locations in Southeast Alaska and northern British Columbia. Thirty-five loci and two pairs of isoloci were variable, and of these, 25 loci and one pair of isoloci expressed the most abundant allele with a frequency of less than or equal to 0.95 in at least one collection. Aneighbor-joining (NJ) tree of genetic distances defined five regional groups: (1) King Salmon River (the only island collection), which has large allelic frequency differences from other populations in this study; (2) heterogeneous coastal populations from southern southeast Alaska; (3) transmountain collections from the Taku and Stikine Rivers on the eastern side of the coastal mountain range; (4) Chilkat River in northern Southeast Alaska; and (5) northern coastal Southeast Alaska, which consists of the Situk River and the Klukshu River, a tributary of the Alsek River. A second NJ tree that included collections from the Yukon River and British Columbia did not reveal any strong genetic similarity between Southeast Alaska and the Yukon River. The data suggest that Southeast Alaska may have been colonized from both northern and southern refugia following the last glaciation b?? a period of sufficient time to allow for isolation by distance to occur.
Administrator And Teacher Salary And Benefits Charter Schools 2006
Administrator And Teacher Salary And Benefits Charter Schools 2006
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Crop Fertilizer Dataset
This dataset contains information about fertilizer types, quantity, and timing of application. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
USPTO - Number of people, including foreign government officials and U.S. stakeholders, trained on best practices to protect and enforce intellectual property
The Global Intellectual Property Academy (GIPA) offers training programs on protection, utilization and enforcement of IP rights, patents, trademarks, and copyrights. It is through the GIPA training programs that the USPTO is instrumental in achieving its objectives of advancing IP right policies and halting IP theft.
Registro de Activos SATENA
Contiene la información de los Activos de la entidad
2010-2011 Class Size - Citywide Distribution
This file shows the range and distribution of class sizes within a particular grade and program type. For grades 5-9 (where available) and 9-12, the data are shown by program type and core subject.  Based on January 28, 2011 data.  * Grade 9 Official Class data is included for 0K-09 schools. Core Course information for these sections is not reported.
Chicago Microlending Institute (CMI) Microloans - Summary by Ethnicity and Gender
To improve access to capital, the City of Chicago seeded a $2MM revolving loan fund and partnered with Accion to create the Chicago Microlending Institute (CMI). There is a full list of loans in the https://data.cityofchicago.org/id/dpkg-upyz dataset.  Certain data elements could not be included for privacy reasons but are summarized in this dataset.  Loans without a date are not included in the summary.
UCAT Membership Hours 2011-2015 UCAT
This data set contains membership hours for the Utah College of Applied Technology as reported to the State legislature.
National Benchmark Property Crime Summary
A summary of the property crime rates for Fulton County and ten national benchmark counties including the annual highest, lowest and median property crime rate (crimes per 100,000 residents).
Bellevue Employment
Estimates of total employment in Bellevue, Washington as of March each year since 2000, broken down by major sector and 2 digit NAICS codes. Based on the Puget Sound Regional Council's (PSRC) covered employment estimates scaled proportionately using multipliers from the Current Employment Statistics and Current Population Survey to estimate total employment.    Further adjustments made by City of Bellevue staff based on job count information collected from employers after the release of PSRC's covered employment dataset.    Covered employment summaries derive from the Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages (QCEW), administrative records employers report, by law, to the Washington State Employment Security Department.     Data from individual employers is not shared; where aggregate employment values represent fewer than three reporting firms, or when a single employer accounts for more than 80 percent of jobs, the value is withheld (in these tables, replaced with an asterisk). Additionally, since grand totals are included in the table, an additional suppression is made in any industrial category or geography with a single suppressed value, to prevent disclosure through subtraction. Public sector jobs (Government and Education categories), are not suppressed.  Boeing Company employment from 2007 is included in the Manufacturing sector and as part of NAICS category 33.
Vehicle Incidents - Historical
Historical vehicle incident data recorded in Chattanooga from 2011 through 2017. For data after 2017 please visit our current dataset located at https://data.chattlibrary.org/Transportation/Vehicle-Incidents/2stp-d3ym.
2016 Registered Foreclosure Properties
2016 Foreclosure Properties registered with HCIDLA between January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2016
Medicare Provider Utilization And Payment Data Part D 2013
This dataset identifies Utah Medicare providers using their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed on their behalf, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name.  For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost.  The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payors.
CorStat - Police Calls For Service Detail
Detailed summary of the City of Corona's Police Department calls for service received. Data is pulled directly from the PD record management system.  This system is updated real-time by dispatch and file personnel in the field. Important Notice: The City of Corona Fire and Police Department recently implemented a new Public Safety software solution. Due to this change, the data displayed on this dashboard is current up to 07/08/2019. We appreciate your patience as we work to correct this issue.<br> <b>Update Frequency:</b> Daily <br> <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
LAW Divisions
The Law Department is composed of 17 legal divisions. Three support divisions provide high quality services to the Law Department's 650 attorneys.
CONTRATACION MARZO 2017
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de enero de 2017 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloria General de Antioquia.
Kioscos Vive digital del Departamento del Cauca
Listado de ubicación de los Kioscos Vive digital del Departamento del Cauca
HSA8E - Facility Improvements at Maple Street site
Facility Improvements at Maple Street site. HSA8E Measure K Performance.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of August 2018.</p>
County Business Patterns - Puerto Rico 2009
Serie anual que provee datos económicos de las industrias a nivel de Puerto Rico. En este se incluye información sobre la cantidad de establecimientos, empleos durante la semana 12 de marzo del año de referencia, nómina para el primer trimestre y nómina para el año de referencia.
Aplicación de Dosis de Biológicos
Registros de vacunación con aplicación de biológicos a pacientes de la ESE Pasto Salud del primer trimestre de 2020
Iowa Community College Districts
Dataset provides the names, numbers and boundaries for community college districts in Iowa.
2015 2016 EMS Transports Final Student Date Of Birth
EMS Transports by Student Date of Birth
Litter Traps
Litter traps are devices that retain ‘gross pollutants’ (litter and debris greater than 5mm) They are available in several configurations and designs.    This dataset can be used in conjunction with the drainpipe dataset https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Drainpipes/3bff-vaa5    The stormwater pit dataset:  https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Stormwater-Pits/psq9-yz4x    and also the pumping station dataset:  https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Pumping-Station/55z9-zqzu
Crimes - 2001 to present
This dataset reflects reported incidents of crime (with the exception of murders where data exists for each victim) that occurred in the City of Chicago from 2001 to present, minus the most recent seven days. Data is extracted from the Chicago Police Department's CLEAR (Citizen Law Enforcement Analysis and Reporting) system. In order to protect the privacy of crime victims, addresses are shown at the block level only and specific locations are not identified. Should you have questions about this dataset, you may contact the Research & Development Division of the Chicago Police Department at 312.745.6071 or RDAnalysis@chicagopolice.org.  Disclaimer: These crimes may be based upon preliminary information supplied to the Police Department by the reporting parties that have not been verified. The preliminary crime classifications may be changed at a later date based upon additional investigation and there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. Therefore, the Chicago Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information and the information should not be used for comparison purposes over time. The Chicago Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The Chicago Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of Chicago or Chicago Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the Chicago Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user.  The unauthorized use of the words "Chicago Police Department," "Chicago Police," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the Chicago Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use. Data are updated daily. The dataset contains more than 65,000 records/rows of data and cannot be viewed in full in Microsoft Excel. Therefore, when downloading the file, select CSV from the Export menu. Open the file in an ASCII text editor, such as Wordpad, to view and search. To access a list of Chicago Police Department - Illinois Uniform Crime Reporting (IUCR) codes, go to http://data.cityofchicago.org/Public-Safety/Chicago-Police-Department-Illinois-Uniform-Crime-R/c7ck-438e
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a DICIEMBRE de 2017
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de DICIEMBRE de 2017 de las entidades del sector solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Empresas de transporte en Facatativá
Conjunto de datos de las  empresas  de transporte ubicadas en el municipio de Facatativá
Puntos Wifi Para La Gente Departamento del Magdalena
Ubicación Geográfica de los Puntos Wifi Para La Gente Departamento del Magdalena
Columbia River Crossing Comments
Columbia River Crossing Comments
CalCOFI Cruises
Cruises using one or more ships conducted as part of the California Cooperative Oceanic Fisheries Investigations (CalCOFI) program and other related cruises conducted by the NOAA Southwest Fisheries Science Center from 1951 to present. Multi-purpose cruises e.g., CalCOFI and trawling, include a listing for each cruise type.
City of Providence Revenue Budget
This dataset includes the Proposed and Approved Revenue Budget from FY2012 through FY2017. Actual Revenues have been included through FY2016.
Real Property Assessment Equity Statistics By Municipality: Beginning 2004
The Department of Taxation and Finance annually produces a report documenting the results of the Market Value Survey pertaining to property assessment.  The report contains the staff findings regarding assessment equity by municipality in New York State, that is, the degree to which assessments are at a uniform percentage of their market value.  Equity is measured primarily by two statistics — the coefficient of dispersion (COD) and the price-related differential (PRD).  For more information please go to:  http://www.tax.ny.gov/research/property/default.htm
Asociación De Campesinos
Base de datos, de la Asociación De Campesinos del municipio de Tubará y sus centro poblados.
Homeless Dedicated Housing
Housing Inventory Count Submitted to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Additional information available at: https://www.hudexchange.info/resources/documents/Notice-CPD-16-060-2017-HIC-PIT-Data-Collection-Notice.pdf
Directorio de los restaurantes del municipio de Quinchía Risaralda
Listado de los restaurantes existentes en el municipio de Quinchía Risaralda, dirección y ubicación, nit, nombre del propietario del negocio o representante legal y datos de contacto.
Electric Consumption
Monthly electric consumption data in kWh and customer counts within the City of Mesa's electric service territory broken down by Rate Classification (i.e. Residential, Commercial, Other Public Authority, Interdepartmental). Consumption totals are for the month in which they are billed to the customer (“Billing Month”). Due to the constant reading of utility meters throughout the month, much of the consumption occurs in the month prior to the Billing Month.
2012-2015 Fire Department Non-Emergency AverageResponse Times
Evanston Fire Department average response time to non emergency and emergency situations.
Comprehensive Affordable Housing Directory
This dataset contains all income-restricted housing within the Austin Full Purpose and into the 5-mile Extra Territorial Jurisdiction. This includes properties funded by the City of Austin along with the Housing Authority City of Austin, Housing Authority of Travis County, and Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs. Some properties may be funded by more than one entity. The property attributes are intended to help Austin residents find income-restricted housing that best suits their needs.   The dataset is connected to the affordable housing data hub which is consistently updated with the most current property information.  A Feature Manipulation Engine Script pulls a new dataset to the Open Data Portal on a daily basis.
COVID-19 Nursing Home Data - Archived Data - Week Ending 5/31/20
The Nursing Home COVID-19 Public File includes data reported by nursing homes to the CDC’s National Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN) system COVID-19 Long Term Care Facility Module, including Resident Impact, Facility Capacity, Staff & Personnel, and Supplies & Personal Protective Equipment, and Ventilator Capacity and Supplies Data Elements.  For a list of Frequently Asked Questions, please click <a href="https://data.cms.gov/Special-Programs-Initiatives-COVID-19-Nursing-Home/Nursing-Home-Data-FAQ/b62a-ieuz ">here</a>.  For a detailed explanation of the CMS/CDC Nursing Home COVID-19 Data Quality Assurance Process, please click <a href="https://data.cms.gov/Special-Programs-Initiatives-COVID-19-Nursing-Home/Nursing-Home-Data-QA/bqa5-3dzf">here</a>.  For a full list of variables included in this Public Use File (PUF) and their descriptions, please see below. The file contains an individual record for each certified Medicare skilled nursing facility/Medicaid nursing facility and the ending date for each collection week, and is updated weekly. More information on CMS requirements for reporting COVID-19 information can be found <a href="https://www.cms.gov/files/document/qso-20-29-nh.pdf">here</a>. We note that the presence of cases of COVID-19 in a nursing home does not automatically indicate noncompliance with federal requirements. This information is used to assist with national surveillance of COVID-19 in nursing homes, and support actions to protect the health and safety of nursing home residents.  NOTE: There are several limitations to this is preliminary data.   - The first deadline for reporting data was 11:59 p.m. Sunday, May 17, 2020.  As the number of facilities reporting increases each week, it will increase the reported number of COVID-19 cases, suspected cases, and deaths each week.   - As with any new reporting program, some facilities will struggle with their first submissions, and therefore, some of the data from their early submissions may be inaccurate. Since facilities may correct data in future weeks, the data is subject to fluctuations as data for previously reported weeks may change when the website is updated.  - The availability of testing may impact the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases facilities report. For example, facilities that did not have the ability to test all residents a few weeks ago would not be able to report all residents with confirmed cases. Similarly, access to testing can vary by state, region, or facility.  - Facilities may opt to report cumulative data retrospectively back to January 1, 2020. Therefore, some facilities may be reporting higher numbers of cases/deaths compared to other facilities, due to their retrospective reporting. Numbers for Week Ending 05/24/2020 may include reporting for any time between 01/01/2020 through 05/24/2020. Reporting for subsequent weeks is on a weekly basis.  - Data Quality Assurance (QA) and Validation (QA Flags): Data quality checks were performed to identify instances where facilities may have entered incorrect data, such as entering cumulative counts over time instead of new cases, and other data entry errors. In these cases, we will display facilities as having submitted data, but will not include their data in our dataset or analyses to preserve the accuracy of the data presented. Facilities that have submitted erroneous data will have an “N” displayed in the column titled “Passed Quality Assurance Check.” For more detailed information about this process, please reference the <a href="https://data.cms.gov/Special-Programs-Initiatives-COVID-19-Nursing-Home/Nursing-Home-Data-QA/bqa5-3dzf">CMS/CDC Nursing Home COVID-19 Data Quality Assurance Process</a>.  Due to these factors, CMS cautions users to consider these factors when performing any analysis. For example, data reported over the first few weeks should not be used to perform trend analysis and longitudinal analyses. We expect the data to stabilize as nursing homes become more familiar with ho
Assessor's Office Secured Tax Roll 2018/2019
Assessor's Office Secured Roll for 2018/2019. Secured Roll file with ownership names redacted: Assessed property values for the Alameda County residential and commercial properties as of July 11, 2018.
División Política Administrativa Municipio de Villa del Rosario 2017
División Política Administrativa Municipio de Villa del Rosario 2017
ARCHIVED - RCCL 2.4 Permits Issued By Operation Type and County FY08- FY17
Residential Child Care Licensing (RCCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
EPS Crime Severity Index / Weighted Clearance Rate
This dataset provides EPS's Crime Severity Index and Weighted Clearance Rate statistics. Figures provided here are based on in-house calculations with small measurement errors compared to what is produced by Statistics Canada.    The Crime Severity Index (CSI) assesses the severity of criminality by measuring both the volume of police-reported criminal incidents and weighting for more severe crime, while factoring for the level of population. The CSI is available for any city or region across Canada, and is indexed to equal 100 in Canada for the year 2006.    The Weighted Clearance Rate (WCR) measures the percentage of EPS-reported criminal incidents that are cleared by charge, or cleared by "other" (e.g., using the Youth Criminal Act, the accused is deceased), weighted by crime severity.    Both measures here account for all criminal code violations, which can be categorized at a high-level as: Violent Crime, Property Crime, Other Criminal Code Violations, Federal Statute Violations, and Criminal Code Traffic Violations. The counting methodology here follows that of Statistics Canada by only counting the most serious violation for a criminal incident, and counting the number of victims for violent-based offences.
NZ BGP Map Edges
List of nodes for the NZ BGP Map
NNDSS - TABLE 1E. Botulism, Foodborne to Botulism, Other
NNDSS - Table 1E. Botulism, Foodborne to Botulism, Other (wound & unspecified) - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Pediatric Hospital Inpatient Sepsis Performance Measures by Facility: Beginning 2017
This dataset represents hospital-reported data for all pediatric patients with a diagnosis of severe sepsis or septic shock seen at New York State Article 28 (acute care) facilities and reported to the New York State Department of Health. Quality measures are calculated using this data for reporting hospital- specific rates and trends. These measures, reported as statewide and hospital-specific rates, reflect several key processes of care that can increase the probability of surviving an episode of sepsis.
Current (2020-2021) Assessment Roll
This dataset contains information pertaining to the current year's assessed value of properties within the City of Buffalo. Accurate property inventory/information is vital to an equitable assessment and the City of Buffalo is committed to providing fair and equitable assessments in each annual Assessment Roll so that property owners pay only their fair share of property taxes.
Sección de Usos del Portal de Datos Abiertos del Estado Colombiano
En este conjunto se puede encontrar el listado de productos, proyectos, aplicaciones, visualizaciones, investigaciones realizadas a partir de datos abiertos del portal disponibles en el Menú "Usos" del portal nacional de datos abiertos de Colombia
Canyon School District Sage Scores 2014
Canyon School District Sage Scores 2014
Berkeley PD - Stop Data (Jan 26, 2015 to Sep 30, 2020)
This data was extracted from the Department’s Public Safety Server and covers data beginning January 26, 2015.  On January 26, 2015 the department began collecting data pursuant to General Order B-4 (issued December 31, 2014). Under that Order, officers were required to provide certain data after making any detention (vehicle, bicycle, pedestrian, suspicious auto).  This dataset provides information about detentions, including the race, sex, age range, of the person detained; the reason for the stop; the type of enforcement taken (if any), and whether or not a search was conducted.  Also provided are the date, time, location of the detention, as well as the incident number and call for service type.
pln_rx_cst_shr_meta [impl]
Plan Finder dataset pln_rx_cst_shr_meta [impl], released on 2020-10-22.
Densidad de Cultivos de Coca 2015
Información relacionada a los archivos cartográficos de la densidad de los cultivos de coca, detectados por el Sistema Integrado de Monitoreo de Cultivos Ilícitos-SIMCI, reportados para el período censal 2015.  Ayúdanos a responder esta encuesta en el enlace de origen.
2017 - 2018 Co-Location Report
Academic and demographic information on co-located schools
NOAA - Percent of Seafood Import Monitoring Program import records that are compliant
Proposed new indicator for FY 2020.  Seafood Import Monitoring Program (SIMP) audits select a random sample of consignments to a target statistical validity.  Each consignment is audited for completeness and verified accuracy of documentation.  Once this evaluation is complete, any concern with the consignment is forwarded to the Office of Law Enforcement for further investigation. This measure shows the percentage of audited consignments with documentation that is sufficiently complete and verified accurate to not warrant further investigation.
Utah Corporate Income Tax FY 1932-2009
Utah Corporate Income Tax FY 1932-2009
LA County Living Wage
MIT Living Wages for Los Angeles County 2018
Función Básica Directivos ESSA
Función Básica Directivos ESSA
CORREROS INSTITUCIONALES ALCALDÍA MUNICIPAL DE POTOSÍ NARIÑO
correos institucionales de la Alcaldia Municipal de Potosí Nariño
Alcoholic Beverage License Violations
The dataset includes alcohol violations as a result of sale to minor compliance checks, routine inspections and enforcement efforts.    Update Frequency:  Monthly
WSSC Completed Service Alert Work Orders
WSSC completed service alert work-orders published on a monthly basis
Town Property Tax Adjustment Summary
This file shows the total counts and amounts of property tax adjustments and renter rebates by town.  The property tax adjustments were applied to households' FY16 property tax bills.
LAPD Calls for Service 2011
This dataset reflects calls for service incidents in the City of Los Angeles in the year 2011. This data is as accurate as the data in the database. Please note questions or concerns in the comments.
Finalizacion Contratos TEAS de Hidrocarburos
​​La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades.
MultiYear Crosswalk
Used for pie chart on the multi-year project crosswalk dashboard. https://va-drpt.data.socrata.com/stories/s/Multi-Year-Crosswalk/4v87-hc8f
Statewide Water Usage 2015
State of Utah water use and supply data for 2015 joined to spatial boundaries. GPCD = Gallons Per Capita Day or Gallons Per Person Per Day. Supply and Use numbers are in Acre Feet Per Year (ACFT).
2015-16 Social Worker Data
New York City Department of Education 2015 - 16 Social Worker Data by school year.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of February 2019.</p>
Suicide Rate (age-adjusted), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Age-adjusted death rate due to suicide, New Jersey.    Rate: Number of suicides per 100,000 persons (age-adjusted).        Definition:  Deaths with suicide as the underlying cause. Suicide is defined as death resulting from the intentional use of force against oneself. ICD-10 codes: X60-X84, Y87.0    Data Sources:     1) Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. Compressed Mortality File. CDC WONDER On-line Database accessed at http://wonder.cdc.gov/cmf-icd10.html    2) Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    3) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
Drivers and Attendants
OPT does not operate any buses nor does it directly employ any bus drivers or attendants. Drivers and attendants (sometimes referred to as ‘matrons’ or ‘escorts’) and employed by bus vendors themselves. OPT manages systems and processes to ensure that drivers and attendants have all requisite background checks and certifications. The Driver and Attendant summary data is available for each bus vendor and describes the number of active employees by job type.
External Link Dataset Validation
This dataset provides the HTTP status codes (e.g. "200" or "404") for any data assets that link to other web sites.
Suicide
Suicide death rates per hundred thousand for San Bernardino County, California, and the United States by year.
Fresno County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Fresno County.
Mapa Predios RPH Habitacionales por Sector en el Municipio de Sabaneta
Predios  en Reglamento de Propiedad Horizontal RPH Habitacionales por Sectores (Barrios y Veredas) en el municipio de Sabaneta.  Predio reglamento de propiedad horizontal (RPH) habitacional: Son los predios registrados ante registro de instrumentos públicos bajo el régimen de propiedad horizontal con destino habitacional.  Fecha- corte a: Octubre 2016, Diciembre 2017, Diciembre 2018 y Agosto del 2019.
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Summary Totals
This dataset includes all summary totals e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Summary Page from 1998 to the present.The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
Borough Engineering Tracking System
Tracking system for sign related requests that are received by each borough engineering operation.
Directorio de los principales Hoteles del Departam
Información básica de los principales hoteles del Departamento del Atlántico
Zonas Wi-Fi Inversion
Una zona wifi es una zona que presta el servicio de acceso a internet a la comunidad, a través de redes inalámbricas con tecnología Wi-Fi, en la que cualquier dispositivo con dicha tecnología puede conectarse de manera gratuita hasta por una hora con la oportunidad de reconexión persona.
Puntos Vive Digital, La Tebaida Quindio
información de los puntos vive digital donde se describen las ubicaciones, los nombres, los horarios de atención.
FY2014 Class Size
2013-2014 School Year class size and student/teacher ratio information as reported on Schools at Glance. Data not reported for special schools.
Resultados Saber TyT Genericas 2019-2
Resultados anonimizados de las pruebas genéricas de la prueba Saber TyT
Provider of Services File - OTHER - June 2018
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).   The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
Bienes patrimoniales de conservación arquitectónica
Bienes patrimoniales de conservación arquitectónica historia y cultura de la ciudad de Pereira.
Grocery Stores - 2011
Contains a list of grocery stores which was used by the city to calculate the estimates of Chicagoans living in food deserts in 2011. Data in this file can be cross-referenced with the city's business license data (http://bit.ly/sMFZdN).
Reports from Report It! SMC
Report It! SMC allows citizens, residents, and visitors to report illegal dumping issues quickly and easily via web tools and mobile apps. You can even take photos of issues and submit them on your phone! These reports are then forwarded directly to County departments to respond and address. See more at: http://nfoforward.org/about-our-community/report-it-smc
CITY OF ALBANY EMPLOYEE EARNINGS 2015
This dataset contains earning information for City of Albany employees for the year 2015.
Public Facilities
This dataset contains information and addresses for all City-Parish facilities
AFSC/ABL: Sablefish longline survey gillnet data
Variable mesh gillnets were used to evaluate the abundance of young of the year sablefish during 1995-2002. Data include. Vessel, cruise, station. Species caught, and lengths of fish caught. The data were collected to be able to forecast year-class strength of sablefish.
Statewide Deer Harvest 1976-2013
This report is a summary of big game harvest information and monitoring efforts for mule deer in the state of Utah.
2017-19 Adopted Budget - Total Projected Available Revenue By Fund
Legislatively Adopted Budget: 2017-19 Biennium: Total Available Revenues by Agency (July 2017). For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/revenue.aspx#Money_Coming_In:__Revenue. This report provides Revenue information for Oregon state agencies, organized by agency # and by fund type (e.g. General Fund, Lottery Funds, Other Funds, and Federal Funds). Note: This report includes data from the Oregon Legislature and the Oregon Judicial Department, but does not include data from the Oregon State Lottery or semi-independent agencies, boards and commissions. (Source: DAS Chief Financial Office – Oregon Budget Information Tracking System – ORBITS)
Alcaldes Departamento del Guaviare
Alcaldes Departamento del Guaviare
MEA SmartEnergy: Renewable Energy
Renewable energy dollars awarded through Maryland Energy Administration's smart energy projects.
Financial Plan Statements - Cash Flow
This dataset shows the cash flow forecast for the current fiscal year. Data is reported in millions and updated monthly.
CONTRATOS ENERO 2016
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de enero de 2016 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloria General de Antioquia.
Business Establishments
Based off Census data
Distribución de la población según afiliación  al SGSSS a 30-12-2018
Población afiliada según afiliación régimen subsidiado activos a 31-12-2018
Metro Public Wi-Fi Locations
A listing of locations that provide free internet connectivity via the Metro Public Wi-Fi network.
New York State Executive Budget Capital Appropriations: 2017-2018
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the FY 2018 Executive Budget
County Mental Health Profiles, Phase 2: Beginning 2014
These reports provide summary information about mental health service utilization funded through Medicaid for each calendar year, beginning in 2014 and updated yearly thereafter.  Both Fee for Service and Medicaid Managed Care data are included in the service counts and total expenditures.  Data are reported by residential county and region.
Agriculture and Timber Exemption Registrations
The information in this file is a result of HB 268 requiring registration for Sales Tax exemption regarding qualifying Agriculture and Timber purchases.    See https://comptroller.texas.gov/about/policies/privacy.php for more information on our agency’s privacy and security policies
Demographic Median Age by City Pierce
Median Age: The middle value of age for a total population, males, and females in an area.(B01002). City and CDP values are from the ACS 5 Year Survey.
Kioskos Vive Digital Municipio de Tuluá
Listado de Kioskos Vive Digital ubicados en el Municipio de Tuluá
Índice de información pública reservada y clasificada
El índice de información clasificada y reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Capital Plan Funding Source
This dataset describes the type and amounts of capital funding sources in each plan. This includes debt issuances through financing entities and other cash sources. Data in millions and updated quarterly.
Percentage of Tax Levy Cap Utah Libraries 2012
The following data was provided by the Utah Tax Commission with additional calculations and reformatting done by the Utah State Library.
Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: 2013 Part D Prescriber
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Part D Prescriber Public Use File (PUF), with information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP). The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name. For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost. The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.    Although the Part D Prescriber PUF has a wealth of information on payment and utilization for Medicare Part D prescriptions, the dataset has a number of limitations. Of particular importance is the fact that the data may not be representative of a physician’s entire practice or all of Medicare as it only includes information on beneficiaries enrolled in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program (i.e., approximately two-thirds of all Medicare beneficiaries). In addition, the data are not intended to indicate the quality of care provided. For additional limitations, please review the methodology document in the About tab.
Inpatient Psychiatric Facility Quality Measure Data By State
The Inpatient Psychiatric Facility Quality Reporting (IPFQR) program currently uses six measures. Psychiatric facilities that are eligible for this program may have their Medicare payments reduced if they do not report.
FIN FPM Budget to Actuals
Historical budget to actuals for the Finance and Performance Management Division. Includes Finance and Performance Management, Fleet Rental Fund, and General Services Fund.
Demandas notificadas a la Policía Nacional
Presentar la información correspondiente a las demandas notificadas a la Policía Nacional por, clasificadas por medio de control ( Reparación Directa, Nulidad y Restablecimiento del derecho u otros.
Número de Usuarios Acueducto-Alcantarillado-Aseo 2018
Total Número de Usuarios Acueducto-Alcantarillado-Aseo 2018 en el Municipio de Duitama
Public Wifi Locations and Status
Locations where public wifi is currently available and planned locations within San Mateo County.
ibc [prod]
Plan Finder dataset ibc [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
Juntas de Acción Comunal URBANA
Juntas de Acción Comunal sector urbano del Municipio de Sevilla
Prescription Opioid Deaths by Zip Code Utah 2015_2017
This data set contains prescription opioid deaths by zip code and small statistical health  area in Utah for 2015 through 2017 from the Utah's Indicator-Based Information System for Public Health Data Resource.
FY2016 F65 County
F-65 Data Summary Counties 2016
Daily Bunker Fuel Prices
Average bunker fuel prices ($/metric ton) for Intermediate Fuel Oil (IFO) 380CST, IFO 180CST, Marine Gas, and Very Low Sulfur Fuel Oil (VLSFO) across 20 major global bunkering locations.
CONTRATOS SEPTIEMBRE 2016
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de septiembre de 2016 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloria General de Antioquia.
Log Prices
Log prices by species and grade from 2015-2000
2012 Census - Dwelling Unit By Structure Type (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Competency Order Transport Time
Aggregated by Month - Average number of days from the court's order for a competency evaluation to the actual transport of the defendant from the Pierce County Jail to the location performing the competency evaluation. This data reflects the first competency order
Evolución de la Matrícula Total por Grado
Este conjunto de datos presenta la evolución de la matricula total por Grados (Desde Preescolar y basica primaria hasta grado 11°) entre los años 2010 y 2019**  **: Dato parcial. Fuente: Coordinación de educación.
Missouri Monthly Unemployment Claims By Sex
Demographic data of Missouri Unemployment claims by sex
PDI (Police Data Initiative) Police Calls for Service (CAD): 2014-2016 Archive
Data Description: This data represents historic calls for service for the Cincinnati Police Department. Calls for Service are the events captured in an agency’s Computer-Aided Dispatch (CAD) system used to facilitate incident response. This dataset includes both proactive and reactive police incident data.   Data Creation: This data is created when a run is entered into the City’s computer-aided dispatch (CAD) system.   Data Created By: The source of this data is the Cincinnati Police Department.  Refresh Frequency: This data is historic and is no longer updated.  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
Campaign Finance - Status Of Voluntary Expenditure Ceiling VECs in November 8, 2016 Election
Under S.F. Campaign and Governmental Conduct Code 1.128, a candidate who wishes to accept the voluntary expenditure ceiling must file Form SFEC-128 no later than the August 12, 2016 deadline for filing nomination papers.In a race where at least one candidate has accepted the VEC, all candidates running for office in the same race must file Form SFEC 134(b) within 24 hours of receiving contributions, making expenditures, or having funds that exceed 100 percent of the applicable VEC.
NVSS Provisional COVID-19 Deaths by Place of Death and Age
Deaths involving coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and pneumonia reported to NCHS by place of death, age, state, and HHS Region.
Sandy CDL Master Data
THIS DATASET IS FINAL AND NO FURTHER UPDATES ARE EXPECTED.  This is a report for all the relevant columns of FEMA Community Disaster Loan Program - amount obligated and disbursed down by program, applicant, county and municipality.
Building Permits - January 1, 2005 thru December 31, 2019
This file is a static view of Building Permit data.  This snapshot of data is an extract from the source database as of the moment of the snapshot's creation.  A snapshot does not reflect changes that occur in the live data source.
Instituciones Educativas
Instituciones educativas y realidad social   ¿Sabía usted que los estudiantes en la clase pueden tener los ojos muy abiertos y cara de estar atentos, y sin embargo no estar asimilando nada de lo escuchado, porque sus deficiencias nutricionales les producen cansancio, apatía y falta de interés por el medio, entre otros problemas?  ¿Sabía usted que el consumo de cigarrillos y alcohol ha aumentado considerablemente en los jóvenes en los últimos dos años, y que cada vez se inician a más temprana edad, alcanzando a los niños de 9 a 10 años?  Las instituciones educativas del país se han convertido en escenarios de encuentro de niños, niñas y adolescentes que viven en carne propia realidades que los colocan en situación de riesgo y vulnerabilidad extrema. Diversas investigaciones, como la Encuesta Nacional de Demografía y Salud, de Profamilia (1999), y Pautas y Prácticas de Crianza en Familias Colombianas, MEN (2000), evidencian el impacto que estas situaciones causan en el desarrollo de los estudiantes y sugieren su consideración como factores asociados a la calidad de la educación.  Pero, ¿cuáles son los factores asociados a la calidad de la educación? Se consideran como aquellas variables de tipo educativo y estructural que inciden y tienen relación con el aprendizaje y el rendimiento escolar.  Este artículo es el primero de una serie que tiene como finalidad posicionar una reflexión alrededor de estos temas, relacionados con el desarrollo integral y la estabilidad emocional de los niños y niñas para asumir el proceso de enseñanza - aprendizaje. Es importante que las instituciones educativas conozcan que hay condiciones que no favorecen el crecimiento adecuado de los niños y que afectan sus posibilidades reales de permanecer y participar en experiencias educativas.  Los factores que tomaremos en consideración serán la educación de la primera infancia, alimentación y nutrición, violencia, consumo de sustancias sicoactivas, educación sexual, coeducación, papel de la familia y redes de apoyo. Informacion By:  https://www.mineducacion.gov.co/1621/article-87818.html
PLN_BENE_COST [prod]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_BENE_COST [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo comercial tecnificado de soya (Glycine max. L) en clima cálido, Semestre agrícola I, en el departamento del Meta. Escala 1:100.000. Diciembre 2018
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Meta a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 202 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Gobernación de Meta. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de Soya (Glycine maxL.) para el semestre agrícola I. Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de soya.
HRA Facts Case Value
HRA facts from the Office of Data Reporting and Analysis (ODRA)
Highway Traffic Counts in Colorado 2017
Traffic counts on highways and various calculations, from Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT), for 2017
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Reported Line Item Expenditures by Month of Home Delivered Meals Contracted Providers
Reported Expenditures of Line Items by Month of registered and contracted agencies providing Home Delivered Meals Services.
Incidence Rate Of Melanoma Per 100,000 All States
Incidence Rate Of Melanoma Per 100,000 All States
HHS And REC Programs Information
HHS And REC Programs Information
Morbilidad por trastorno de la trompa de Falopio
Diagnostico por patología de la trompa de Falopio en la ciudad de Pereira en el año 2019
Internet Móvil suscripción por proveedor, terminal y tecnologia
Datos referentes al servicio de acceso móvil a Internet por suscripción. El número de suscriptores con acceso móvil a Internet por suscripción es reportado por los proveedores al último día de cada trimestre. El acceso por suscripción (...) corresponde al acceso a Internet móvil a través de la contratación de un plan con un cargo fijo que se paga de forma periódica. (...) Resolución 5076 de 2016. Desde 2017 2T
Kedougou Nutrient Diversity - Regional Production Dataset
This dataset covers regional production from the Ministry of Agricuture for Kedougou, Senegal. Production estimates are collected annually for the region by extension agents who combine survey-based yield estimates with direct, in-field yield measurements. Data are aggregated to the department and regional level. Data are available back to the early 1990s, but the years 2010-2012 were selected because before 2010, data were only available for a small number of crops and there were several years with missing data points.
166- FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 1.4
Department of Public Works and Transportation Performance Metrics Objective 1.4- Number of tree-related damage claims, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Activos de Información Corpoguajira
Activos de Información Corpoguajira
Strategic Measure_EOA.A3_Commercial Permits
The Imagine Austin Comprehensive Plan was adopted in 2012. It functions as a guide for prioritizing Austin‘s growth over the next 30 years. The Plan encourages development and infrastructure investment in activity centers and corridors in support of the creation of complete and compact communities. This measure helps the City understand where commercial development activity is happening in the context of the priorities established by the Plan.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/i3wc-jv64
Roy City Police Crime Data
Roy City Police Crime Data
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a OCTUBRE de 2011
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Octubre de 2011 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
ETS Bus Schedule GTFS Data Feed - Stops
List of all transit bus stops in Edmonton
Registro de Activos de la Información
Información del Registro de Activos de la Información de la Contraloría General de Boyacá
Información sobre concepto ambiental del Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística sobre concepto ambiental del Municipio de Chia 2018
Connecticut Earned Income Tax Credit By Town
Annual CT EITC Credit Data
Designated Wetlands in Iowa
This dataset highlights wetlands designated for protection in the State of Iowa.  Designated wetland is defined in Iowa Code subsection 459.102(21) as follows: 21. "Designated wetland" means land designated as a protected wetland by the United States Department of the Interior or the Department of Natural Resources, including but not limited to a protected wetland as defined in section 456B.1, if the land is owned and managed by the federal government or the Department of Natural Resources. However, a designated wetland does not include land where an agricultural drainage well has been plugged causing a temporary wetland or land within a drainage district or levee district.  As referenced in the foregoing definition, protected wetland is defined in Iowa Code subsection 456B.1(4) as follows: 4. "Protected wetlands" means type 3, type 4, and type 5 wetlands as described in circular 39, Wetlands of the United States, 1971 Edition, published by the United States Department of the Interior. However, a protected wetland does not include land where an agricultural drainage well has been plugged causing a temporary wetland or land within a drainage district or levee district.  Iowa Code paragraph 459.310(1)(b) provides:  b. A confinement feeding operation structure shall not be constructed if the confinement feeding operation structure as constructed is closer than any of the following:  Five hundred (500) feet away from a water source other than a major water source.  (2) One thousand (1,000) feet away from a major water source.  (3) Two thousand five hundred (2,500) feet away from a designated wetland.  Separation distances apply to all confinement feeding operations regardless of size and whether a permit is needed.  Open feedlots are separate and do not have any separation distances.  If there is already a confinement within 2,500 feet of an existing wetland, it will not prevent the designation from occurring. For separation distances to other items (neighbors, towns, parks, etc.) - the confinement is grand fathered in since it was there before the separation distance was expanded. It will work similarly in this case - a confinement could be there and be exempt from the 2,500 foot separation distance since it was there before the separation distance was imposed. But no new confinements would be allowed in the 2,500 feet once the designation takes place.  A designated wetland will not be "established" if closer than 2,500 feet of an existing confinement. Any wetlands created or restored on state or federal lands within 2,500 feet of an existing confinement will not be eligible for designation.  These separation distances do not apply If the Confinement Animal Feeding Operation Structure includes construction of a secondary containment barrier
Cook County Assessor's Assessment Data
Assessment dataset used by the Cook County Assessor in their Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) system used to assess residential properties in Northern Triennial Townships. This dataset contains property information for every residential PIN in the northern triennial townships where class is within a specified list of classes. For disclaimers, see dataset narrative at https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/stories/s/p2kt-hk36
PKS Conservation Futures
Conservation Futures properties
Proximity of At-Risk Affordable Homes to Transit and Gentrification (2018) Summary
Supervisor District Level data of at-risk affordable homes to transit and gentrification.   Data was derived from CHPC Preservation Database.  *SCAG defines High Quality Transit Areas as being within 1/2-mile of stations with service every 15 minutes or less during peak commute times, including both fixed guideway transit ad bus rapid transit.   **See the California Tax Credit Allocation Committee’s website for the opportunity mapping methodology, as well as PDFs of each regional map and a downloadable file with scores and designations for each tract.
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACIÓN ANTIOQUIA FEBRERO 2020
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de febrero de 2020 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia
ibc [test]
Plan Finder dataset ibc [test], released on 2020-10-22.
Directory of Public Authorities
The Authorities Budget Office is required by Section 6(b) of Public Authorities Law to maintain a comprehensive inventory of state and local authorities.  State authorities are defined as public authorities with one or more board member appointed by the governor, other than interstate or international authorities.  Local authorities are public authorities with no members appointed by the governor; not-for-profit corporations affiliated with, sponsored by, or created by a municipality; industrial development agencies or authorities; or any affiliate of any local authority.
Morbilidad Hospitalización 2017 Municipio Pitalito Huila ESE Hospital Departamental San Antonio De Pitalito
Datos de diagnósticos de hospitalizacion vigencia 2017.
SUSPENSIONES
SUSPENSIONES MARZO 2020
Publicaciones e Interacciones Campaña #DetectorDeTrámites
La campaña tuvo como objetivo identificar las normas que los ciudadanos consideran deban ser modificadas o eliminadas para simplificar trámites que deben adelantar para acceder a sus derechos o cumplir con sus obligaciones
Living Wage
Based on Census data & MIT Living Wage Calculator
3800B_Planning and Building
Performance measures dataset
Bronx CHS Tri Coords Obesity
Combined Hospital Fund area data depicting obesity rates
COMIDAS RAPIDAS - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
CENSO DE ESTABLECIMIENTOS DEDICADOS A LA VENTA DE COMIDAS RÁPIDAS EXISTENTES EN LA CIUDAD DE TUNJA. - Alcaldía de Tunja
New York State Enacted Budget Capital Appropriations: 2014-2015
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the 2014-15 Enacted Budget
Administrativo por contrato por genero 2019-2
Administrativos por Contrato determinados por el genero
PRODUCCIÓN PECUARIA 2017
cantidad en unidades de cada una de las especies pecuarias producidas en el municipio de Tamalameque Durante el año 2017.
Housing Next - Amount of Income Paid Toward Rent
Data on percent of household income paid towards rent by location and household status.
Montgomery County FoodStat Publishing Plan
This dataset is the master publishing plan for the Montgomery County FoodStat Application. This dataset will be regularly updated to reflect the frequency of data updates and datasets that are in the publishing plan.
2014 Census - Dwelling Unit By Structure Type (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Resident Workforce Commuting Mode Split by Place of Residence: 1990, 2000, 2006 - 2010 and 2012 - 2016
This data set compares 1990, 2000, 2006 - 2010, and 2012 - 2016 Journey to Work data, outlining the modes of commuting for the Resident Workforce in the City of Cambridge. The data set originates from three sources: 1990 Journey to Work data supplied to the Massachusetts Central Transportation Planning Staff by the Census Bureau, a special tabulation of 2000 Decennial Census data - the 2000 Census Transportation Planning Products (CTPP), and recent versions of the CTPP compiled from the American Community Survey. The Cambridge resident workforce are those people who both live and work in Cambridge. The figures reported here are based on the home locations of these workers, not their work locations.  For more information on Journey to Work data in Cambridge, please see the full 2015 report: (https://www.cambridgema.gov/~/media/Files/CDD/FactsandMaps/profiles/moving_forward_20150930.ashx?la=en).
Maryland Funding FY12 Payments Data
This dataset contains summary information on payments made to vendors that received $25,000 or more in fiscal year 2012.  The data is also published and searchable online on the www.spending.dbm.maryland.gov website.
Hoteles y Restaurantes en Suan Atlántico
listado de los diferentes  negocios que funcionan como hoteles y restaurantes en el municipio de Suan Atlántico
Citywide Crime Stats September 16-23 2013
Citywide crime statistics for the week of September 16-23, 2013
2018 - 2019 Class Size Pct District MSHS
2018-19 Preliminary Class Size Report District Middle and High School Class Size Distribution Core courses identified as English, Math, Social Studies, and Science classes for grades 6-12, where available  General Education and Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) classes and course sections with more than 100 students or fewer than seven students are excluded from this report, as are self-contained courses with fewer than two students
CASOS DE MORTALIDAD INFANTIL, SEGÚN MUNICIPIO DE RESIDENCIA HABITUAL  VALLE DEL CAUCA,  PERIODO 1987- 2015
casos de mortalidad infantil municipios del valle del cauca periodo 1987 a 2015
Department of Revenue Services-  Tax Credits Claimed during FY 2015 by Industry Sector
Department of Revenue Services - Tax Credits Claimed during Fiscal Year 2014-15 (July 1, 2014 through June 30, 2015) by NAICS (North American Industry Classification System)
Densidad de Cultivos de Coca 2013
Información relacionada a los archivos cartográficos de la densidad de los cultivos de coca, detectados por el Sistema Integrado de Monitoreo de Cultivos Ilícitos-SIMCI, reportados para el período censal 2013
Directorio Gobierno Municipal La Primavera 2016-2019
Directorio telefónico y de contacto de las dependencias del gobierno municipal de La Primavera Vichada
Cities - Annexations - History
This themes shows the history of proposed annexations that have either been modified, denied or that no action has yet been taken . Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbtrans_annexations_history.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
WAT Owners/Drivers Trip Reimbursement 2019
This data set provides the total amount of reimbursements paid per wheelchair accessible taxicab (WAT) driver for dispatched trips to passengers in wheelchairs made between January 1 and December 30, 2019.  Drivers were paid $20/dispatched trip to passengers in wheelchairs from the Wheelchair Accessible Services Fund.
INTERNAL PERCENT UPTIME
This dataset tracks the time that City network systems are available for use by City staff and residents without an unplanned outage.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Guatemala, 2012 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Guatemala as part of its 2012 round of surveys.   The 2012 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and Asociación de Investigación y Estudios Sociales (ASIES).
Gov Stat DOCR HPM Spreadsheet
Headline Performance Measure Data for the Department of Correction and Rehabilitation (DOCR)
Inventario de Ganado Bovino - DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ
Conjunto de datos que contiene la información del inventario de ganado bovino del Departamento de Boyacá por años.  Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Instituciones Educativas Municipio Villa de Leyva
Información general de la institución educativa Técnica Educativa “ Hayde Camacho Saavedra" del municipio de Togüí (Boyacá)
Grupos de investigación UTS
Grupos de investigación de las UTS con sus características
Informe de carga aérea
Conjunto de datos que contiene información de la cantidad de carga aérea que ha ingresado por cada uno de los aeropuertos del país desde el aislamiento.
Iowa Median Age by Sex and Hispanic or Latino Origin (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains Iowa median age by sex and Hispanic or Latino origin for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Tables B01002H and B01002I.  Sex includes the following: Male, Female and Both  Hispanic includes, yes or no.  Yes = Hispanic or Latino; No = White Alone, Not Hispanic or Latino
EGP Nonprofits
List of nonprofits in the King County Employee Giving Program Annual Drive
Citizen Satisfaction from Ambulance Users/Non-Users
This dataset shows the relative levels of citizen satisfaction from self-reported users and non-users of ambulance service, according to the citizen survey.
2015 Dialysis AR BSI TABLE
Access-related bloodstream infections at dialysis centers
Movilidad -Índice de Accidentalidad en Municipios del Departamento de Bolívar 2017
En este conjunto de Datos podra visualizar las Muertes y Lesiones en Accidentes de Transporte, casos y tasas por 100.000 Habitantes, por Municipios más Representativos en el Departamento de Bolívar 2017, por genero y totalizados.
Registro de Activos de Información
Registro de Activos de Información PMT
Revenue: ESD: Revenue By Fund And Source-by ESD 2011-12
Revenues sorted by fund, source and ESD for FY 2011-2012
Juab School District Sage Scores 2014
Juab School District Sage Scores 2014
Contracts: ESD: Northwest Regional: Fiscal Year 2013
Contracts for Northwest Regional ESD for Fiscal Yeear 2013
Contravenciones En San Andrés Isla
Cantidad de contravenciones registradas en la isla de San Andrés.
Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund (ARTF) Project Results - BETA
This data represents project development objective indicators for the ARTF portfolio (from 2001 through today). This dataset pulls project indicator measurements from ARTF implementation status reports. The indicator descriptions are pulled from the ARTF results matrix. http://www.artf.af//images/uploads/ARTF_Results_Matrix_January_2014.pdf
Public Assistance Case Closings by Reason for Closing:  Beginning 2006
This dataset, from New York State Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance, provides the number of Public Assistance case closings in each month by reason for case closing, for each Local Social Services District (SSD).  It is similar to data published on an annual basis in the "Statistical Report on the Operations of New York State Public Assistance Programs."
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACIÓN ANTIOQUIA ENERO-2019
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de enero de 2019 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia.
CONTROVERSIAS JUDICIALES 2018
Controversias Judiciales Vigencia 2018
County Seats
Listing of the official county seat for each county in New York.  The locations are the street address of the primary county office building.
Reclamaciones de Agua Potable 2016
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE AGUA POTABLE
Chattanooga: Operating Budget
for budget.chattanooga.com
Global Tobacco Surveillance System (GTSS) - Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS)
2008-2017. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).   Office on Smoking and Health (OSH) – Global Tobacco Surveillance System (GTSS) - Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS).    The Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS) is the global standard to systematically monitor adult tobacco use and track key tobacco control indicators. GATS is a nationally representative household survey of adults 15 years of age or older, using a standard protocol. It is intended to generate comparable data within and across countries. GATS enhances countries' capacity to design, implement and evaluate tobacco control interventions.
Financial Plan Statements - Capital Cashflow
This dataset represents the Report NO. 5A--Capital Cashflow in the Financial Plan Statement   Dollars are in millions. It is updated Monthly.
Proyectos Priorizados Y Viabilizados de Agua
El documento contiene los Proyectos viabilizados por el Ministerio de Vivienda, Ciudad y Territorio registrados en el sistema de información SIGEVAS y su respectivo estado a la última fecha de actualización en el presente portal.
LEAF Performance Indicator Data: Participant Gender and Employment Sector
This dataset includes the gender and employment sector of participants in LEAF activities, as well as the date they were appraised as demonstrating a capacity increase in activities.
NYS Forest Ranger Wildfires for FireFamily Plus 4.1: 1975-2007
This dataset is the data collected and formatted for use with FireFamily Plus 4.1.  It is the collection of available DEC data regarding wildland fires for the period 1975-2007.
Water Levels and Flows-Monitoring Station List
A list of Water Level and Flow Monitoring Stations (that readings are available for) and the respective latitude and longitude of these stations.    This data is sourced from the Government of Alberta website and as such the Government of Alberta's disclaimer covers this data.    Government of Alberta Disclaimer:    Data provided through this web app is provisional and preliminary in nature. Data is automatically generated by remote equipment that may not be under control of the Government of Alberta. This data has not been reviewed or edited for accuracy and may be subject to significant change when reviewed or corrected. Please exercise caution and carefully consider the provisional nature of the information provided. The Government of Alberta assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of this data and any use of it is therefore, entirely at your own risk.    Additional Government of Alberta "Provisional Data Disclaimer":    Alberta Environment routinely collects real-time hydrometeorological data from meteorological and stream gauges using telephone and communications satellites to support its water resources management activities. These gauges are owned and operated by different organizations and partners outside the Alberta Government.    Near Real-Time data provided at this site are provisional and preliminary in nature. They are automatically generated by remote equipment that may not be under Alberta Government control and have not been reviewed or edited for accuracy. These data may be subject to significant change when manually reviewed and corrected.     The accuracy of the data can be affected by many factors including:    - malfunction of recording equipment    - algal and aquatic growth in the stream which affects the stage-discharge relationship    - backwater from ice or debris such as log jams    - changes to the stream bed geometry    Please exercise caution and carefully consider the provisional nature of the information provided. The Government of Alberta assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of these data and any use of them is entirely at your own risk. “
Aprovechamiento Académico Puerto Rico (2006-2011)
Estadísticas del aprovechamiento académico en Puerto Rico desde el año académico 2006-2007 hasta 2010-2011. Estas estadísticas son: metas anuales del Departamento de Educación para la proficiencia de los estudiantes para las materias de Español(E), Matemáticas(M), e Inglés(I) (proficiencia es el grado de competencia que desea el Departamento para los estudiantes), y los resultados de las Pruebas Puertorriqueñas de Aprovechamiento Académico y Evaluación Externa. Estos números representan porcientos.     En las filas se encuentran las iniciales (E), (I) y (M) acompañadas de los números 06, 07,08,09,10 y 11 que representan los años en los cuales se realizo la medida de las metas y la proficiencia.
L&I Contractor License - Principal Data
Addendum to L&I Contractor License Data - General. Principles are owners associated with a registered license number.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of November 2018.</p>
TABLA DE CONTROL PROCESOS COACTIVOS AÑO 2017
TABLA DE CONTROL PROCESOS COACTIVOS AÑO 2017
Jill - SRF 14 08 Permit W Location
Jill - SRF 14 08 Permit W Location
#6_Health
Promote schoolchildren health: # of students served by a School-Based Health Center
pln_rx_cst_shr_meta [test]
Plan Finder dataset pln_rx_cst_shr_meta [test], released on 2020-10-22.
City Projects and Agencies Lobbied by Registered Lobbying Firms
City projects and agencies that were lobbied by a registered Lobbying Firm must be disclosed on a quarterly basis.
Feed the Future Uganda Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence, Women's File
Feed the Future Uganda Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence: This dataset is an individual-level dataset for all women age 15-49 with a completed interview captured in Module H of the questionnaire (n=760, vars=112).
PBJ Daily Non-Nurse Staffing CY 2018Q4
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility
Alert Pinellas — Notifications
Alert Pinellas Notifications sent out.
Directorio
Datos personal de la Administración Municipal periodo 2016-2019
NNDSS - Table II. Babesiosis to Campylobacteriosis
NNDSS - Table II. Babesiosis to Campylobacteriosis - 2016. In this Table, provisional* cases of selected† notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.    Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.   Footnotes:  C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.   NP:  Nationally notifiable but not published.   Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum.  * Case counts for reporting year 2016 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.   † Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.
Shubenacadie Wildlife Park Groundhog Day Predictions
Shubenacadie Wildlife Park Annual Groundhog Day Predictions.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS182
Driver Feedback Sign DFS182    Latitude: 53.602728  Longitude: -113.388734    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
1730P_Risk Management
Performance measures dataset
Rate of Women Diagnosed with Opioid Use Disorder (OUD) during Pregnancy CY 2016 - Current Statewide Health Care Cost Containment Council (PHC4)
This dataset summarizes the number of women (12 to 55 years old) with a delivery and indicates how many of those women were diagnosed with opioid use disorder (OUD) during their pregnancy. Delivery includes live birth or stillbirth.  Data collection started in 2016 and will be updated quarterly as data becomes available.  Analyses were completed by the University of Pittsburgh using data from the PA Health Care Cost Containment Council and in cooperation with PA DOH.  PHC4’s database contains statewide hospital discharge data submitted to PHC4 by Pennsylvania hospitals. Every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information obtained from the Uniform Claims and Billing Form (UB-82/92/04) data elements. Computer collection edits and validation edits provide opportunity to correct specific errors that may have occurred prior to, during or after submission of data. The ultimate responsibility for data accuracy lies with individual providers.
Expenditures: ESD: Malheur: Fiscal Year 2013
A list of expenditures for Malheur Educational Service District for Fiscal Year 2013
2006 - 2013 Citywide Progress Report
New York City Department of Education 2006 - 2013 Citywide Progress Report, Progress Reports grade each school with an A, B, C, D, or F.  These reports focus on a school's learning environment, student performance, and student progress.  They were designed to help parents, teachers, principals, and others understand how well schools are doing—and compare them to other, similar schools.
Green Line Stations
Stations as depicted on the Green Line Map: http://www.calgary.ca/transportation/ti/pages/transit-projects/green-line/map.aspx  Station locations approved by Council in 2017 June, but subject to change based on design reviews.
Tobacco Use Supplement to the Current Population Survey (TUS-CPS) Data
1992-1993, 1995-1996, 1998-1999, 2001-2002, 2003, 2006-2007, 2010-2011, 2014-2015.   Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System.  TUS-CPS Survey Data.  The Current Population Survey is a monthly survey of about 50,000 households conducted by the Bureau of the Census for the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The survey has been conducted for more than 50 years. Estimates obtained from the CPS include employment, unemployment, earnings, hours of work, and other indicators. Supplemental surveys include questions about a variety of topics, including an annual social and economic supplement, school enrollment, work schedules, voting and registration, job tenure and occupational mobility, food security, and tobacco use.    The data for the STATE System were obtained through the Tobacco Use Supplement to the Current Population Survey (TUS-CPS).  Tobacco topics included are cigarette smoking status, cigarette smoking prevalence by demographics, cigarette smoking frequency, cigarette consumption, quit attempts, cigar use, pipe use, smokeless tobacco use, and smokefree rules/policies in homes and worksites.
Plano de Intervenciones Vías nuevas Barrios a la Obra en el Distrito de Barranquilla
En el siguiente Plano o Mapa, se encuentran localizadas las intervenciones de vías nuevas ejecutadas a través del Programa Barrios a la Obra, en el Distrito de Barranquilla durante el último cuatrienio 2017-2020.
Arts For Transit - Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) Permanent Art Catalogue
Through the Permanent Art Program, Arts for Transit commissions public art that is seen by millions of city-dwellers as well as national and international visitors who use the MTA’s subways and trains. Arts for Transit works closely with the architects and engineers at MTA NYC Transit, Long Island Rail Road and Metro-North Railroad, to determine the parameters and sites for the artwork that is to be incorporated into each station scheduled for renovation. Both well-established and emerging artists contribute to the growing collection of works created in the materials of the system -mosaic, ceramic, tile, bronze, steel and glass. Artists are chosen through a competitive process that uses selection panels comprised of visual arts professionals and community representatives which review and select artists. This data provides the branch or station and the artist and artwork information.
OPD Crimes
This dataset comes from the Orlando Police Department records management system. It includes all Part 1 and Part 2 crimes as defined by the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting standards. When multiple crimes are committed the highest level of crime is what is shown. The data includes only Open and Closed cases and does not include informational cases without arrests. This data excludes crimes where the victim or offender data is or could be legally protected. Those include:  Cases that are flagged as:  Domestic Violence  Elderly Abuse  Exempt from Public Record  Witness Protection  Cases where the offender was charged with the following case codes/state statutes:  Sexual Battery  Child Abuse  Aggravated Stalking/Harassment  Obscene or harassing telephone calls  Aggravated Battery  Domestic Violence Injunctions  Lewd,Lascivious or Indecent Assault upon or in the presence of a child  Elder Abuse  Baker Act  Obscenity  Forcible Rape  Forcible Sodomy  Forcible Fondling  Cases where the a juvenile is arrested     Fields in the OPD Crimes Data Set:  Case Number - Automatically assigned at the time the incident is created in OPD records management system. First four characters indicate the year the incident was created in the system.  Case Date Time - Day and time of the incident  Case Location - Block level address or intersection of the location  Case Offense Category - Category of the highest crime committed attempted  Case Offense Type - Type of the highest crime committed or attempted  Case Offense Charge Type - Indication of if the crime was committed or attempted  Case Disposition - Indication of the status or disposition given for this case  Status - This is an information only field to designate if the City was able to map the Incident Location to a latitude and longitude  Location - Mapped latitude and longitude to the center of the block at the middle of the street of Incident Location      Disclaimer: The data is derived from the Orlando Police Department’s Records Management Systems, we acknowledge there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. The City of Orlando does not guarantee the accuracy of the information. The City of Orlando will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited.  Additionally, because OPD policy and operations regarding reporting might change, the data may have limited value for comparisons over time
CDC PRAMStat Data for 2008
2008. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). PRAMS, the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System, is a surveillance system collecting state-specific, population-based data on maternal attitudes and experiences before, during, and shortly after pregnancy. It is a collaborative project of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and state health departments. PRAMS provides data for state health officials to use to improve the health of mothers and infants. PRAMS topics include abuse, alcohol use, contraception, breastfeeding, mental health, morbidity, obesity, preconception health, pregnancy history, prenatal-care, sleep behavior, smoke exposure, stress, tobacco use, WIC, Medicaid, infant health, and unintended pregnancy. Data will be updated annually as it becomes available.
Publicaciones_E_Interacciones_Campaña_#EsBacanoSerVoluntario
La campaña #EsBacanoSerVoluntario buscó informar a la ciudadanía sobre los programas de voluntariado que existen en el país y cómo participar en estos
Saravena Arauca Pago Impuesto Predial 2017
Información del predio, factura, la fecha de pago y estado actual de la factura de impuesto predial del municipio. Así mismo es a fecha 15 de agosto de 2017
Building Energy Performance
The City of Hartford benchmarks its most energy-intensive buildings to determine how well the facilities are performing. Using information from energy bills and a tool called WegoWise, City staff are able to evaluate the energy performance per square foot. That data is presented here, in monthly BTU's per Sq. Ft.
LISTADO TRAMITES-ISABU
Listado de tramites y servicios registrados ante el SUIT del Instituto de Salud de Bucaramanga
DIRECTORIO DE ESTABLECIMIENTOS DE EDUCACIÓN PARA EL TRABAJO Y EL DESARROLLO HUMANO DEL MUNICIPIO DE SINCELEJO PRIMER SEMESTRE 2019
Directorio de los establecimientos educativos para el trabajo y el desarrollo humano que se encuentran en el municipio de Sincelejo, según el reporte hecho por la secretaria de educación durante el primer semestre de 2019.
2013 Odd-Year Election Turnout Percentage By County
County voter turnout percentage for the 2013 odd-year election for state ballot issues based on total registered voters and ballots cast
USDA Food Security: Hawaiʻi vs. US
Food secure households: had access to enough food for whole household at all times.  Food insecure households: were uncertain if able or unable to acquire sufficient food.  Very food insecure (subset of food insecure): Normal eating patterns of some household members were disrupted at times during the year, and self-reported inadequate food intake.
A-2.2 Increase County Tree Planting
Trees provide a multitude of benefits - creating oxygen, enhancing habitat, providing shade, increasing human health and well-being. The County aims to increase the number of trees planted in County parks and open space preserves.
Student Gender Grade Ethnicity By Neighborhood 2007 2010
Hartford Public Schools student data by neighborhood school years 2007 - 2010
Performance Metrics - Buildings - Time to Issue Standard Plan Review Program Permits
The Department of Building (DOB) issues building permits to give individuals, insurance companies, neighbors and the City assurance that specific minimum standards are met in constructing, repairing or altering buildings by complying with the Chicago Building Code.  This metric tracks the average number of days DOB takes to process Standard Plan Review Program building permits, grouped by the week the permit was processed. The target process time is within 53 days. The Standard Plan Review Program is designed for small to mid-sized construction or renovation projects requiring drawings. Eligible projects include buildings up to 80 feet high, institutional or mercantile properties under 100,000 square feet, residential properties of up to 12 units, and foundations no deeper than 12 feet. For more information, go to http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/bldgs/supp_info/overview_of_the_standardplanreviewpermitprogram.html.
Criminal Justice - Jail Booking Data
Bookings that were admitted into Pierce County Corrections starting in January 2010. Data sourced from LINX system.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: 5-year Fertilizer Quantity Dataset
This dataset contains information about the quantity of fertilizer use over the past five years on the household’s largest maize field. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
2018 Pavement Data
Pavement data from Iowa DOT scan of streets in 2018. This file was imported from Cartegraph software.
Concejales Municipio de Fortul
Concejales Municipio de Fortul
Directorio de Funcionarios y Contratistas
Este documento contiene la información básica de los funcionarios de planta y contratistas que actualmente laboran con la Alcaldía Municipal de Buenavista Quindio.
MDOT Maryland Transit Administration Modal On-Time Performance Monthly (FY)
MDOT MTA Modal On-time performance measures the percent of service provided on-time for each MTA mode of transit.
Volumen De Las Importaciones De Los Principales Renglones Pecuarios Inspeccionadas Por El ICA
Importaciones de los principales renglones pecuarios desde el 2012
Open Space District Acres - Marin County Parks
Total number of acres actively managed by the Marin County Open Space District (MCOSD).
Business Entities in Colorado
Colorado Business Entities (corporations, LLCs, etc.) registered with the Colorado Department of State (CDOS) since 1864.
NNDSS - Table 1C. Arboviral diseases, St. Louis encephalitis virus disease to West Nile virus disease
NNDSS - Table 1C. Arboviral diseases, St. Louis encephalitis virus disease to West Nile   virus disease - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
2015-16 Multiple Removals - SWD
Student with two or more suspensions and/or removals annual report for students with and without disabilities aggregated by district, borough and school number.
Nebo School District Sage Scores 2014
Nebo School District Sage Scores 2014
2010 Basic Stand Alone Carrier Line Items PUF
The CMS 2010 BSA Carrier Line Items PUF originates from a 5% simple random sample of beneficiaries drawn (without replacement) from the 100% Beneficiary Summary File for reference year 2010.
Puntos críticos por amenazas naturales (inundación, socavación lateral, avalanchas y fenómenos de remoción en masa)  ubicados  en el Departamento del Meta
La recolección y consolidación de la  información ,  se realizó por medio de una base de datos, que comprendida las quejas, solicitudes de visitas por la ola invernal que realizan las Alcaldías, Gobernación y comunidad cada año, con las solicitudes se realizan conceptos técnicos, estos conceptos han servido de soporte para crear una base de datos muy bien consolidada con el fin de identificar en todo el Departamento del Meta los puntos críticos y de vulnerabilidad, ya sea por inundación, socavación lateral, avalanchas y fenómenos de remoción en masa, entre otros.  En el Departamento del Meta, la Corporación para el Desarrollo Sostenible del Área de Manejo Espacial la Macarena, ha hecho un gran esfuerzo para conocer y mitigar este impacto ambiental, contando con el apoyo de la Gobernación del Meta y sus 29 municipios los cuales se distribuyen en cuatro regiones naturales: Ariari, Capital, Piedemonte llanero y Río Meta.  Las diferentes componentes del estudio fueron planificadas y conducidas por profesionales de cada área, funcionarios de Instituciones Nacionales, Departamentales y municipales relacionadas con el tema de la Gestión de Riesgo.    La información concerniente a los puntos críticos en el Departamento del Meta, es la que conlleva más tiempo en su consolidación debido al tamaño de los expedientes, y la cantidad de información que allí se encuentra plasmada.
Bridge Ratings
New York City bridge structure conditions and ratings.
Traffic Crashes
A traffic crash, also called a motor vehicle collision among other terms, occurs when a vehicle collides with another vehicle, pedestrian, animal, road debris, or other stationary object, such as a tree, pole or building. Traffic collisions often result in injury, death, and property damage (National Highway Traffic Safety Administration).
Current Surface Water Conditions in Colorado
Division of Water Resources (DWR) Current Surface Water Conditions.  This is a list of all remote monitored stream, diversion, and reservoir gages within the state of Colorado.
Matriculados Juegos de Suerte y Azar
Base de datos de los Matriculados en actividades de Juegos de Suerte y Azar vigentes 2019
Transportation And Travel Safety - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the October 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=558&as=o7np0xc2YJ&t=1. Open from October 13 - 21, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3857 Insight Community Members. 1435 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 37%. A total of 1494 respondents completed the survey: 1435 Insight Community Members and 59 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Smoking-Attributable Mortality, Morbidity, and Economic Costs (SAMMEC) - Smoking-Attributable Mortality (SAM)
2005-2009. SAMMEC - Smoking-Attributable Mortality, Morbidity, and Economic Costs. Smoking-attributable mortality (SAM) is the number of deaths caused by cigarette smoking based on diseases for which the U.S. Surgeon General has determined that cigarette smoking is a causal factor.
Department of Information Technology- Performance Dashboard- Major IT Development Projects (Annual)
This dataset identfies the number of major IT development projects for the Department of Information Technology on an annual basis.
Long-Term Occupational Employment Projections
Long-term Occupational Projections for a 10-year time horizon are provided for the State and its labor market regions to provide individuals and organizations with an occupational outlook to make informed decisions on individual career and organizational program development. Long-term projections are revised biannually. Data are not available for geographies below the labor market regions. Detail may not add to summary lines due to suppression of data because of confidentiality and/or quality.
VA-OHE-NVHER-FY13-Sociodemographic-Sex
Summary level data from the National Veteran Health Equity Report - FY2013, filtered by sex.
MINISTERIO DE DEFENSA DIRECCIÓN DE INVESTIGACIÓN CRIMINAL E INTERPOL  NACIONAL DELITOS SEXUALES PERÍODO DEL 01 DE ENERO  AL 31 DE DICIEMBRE AÑO 2019
CONTIENE LA ESTADÍSTICA DEL MINISTERIO DE DEFENSA DIRECCIÓN DE INVESTIGACIÓN CRIMINAL E INTERPOL  NACIONAL DELITOS SEXUALES PERÍODO DEL 01 DE ENERO  AL 31 DE DICIEMBRE AÑO 2019.
PBJ Daily Nurse Staffing CY 2017 Q4
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility.
CAMPAÑAS PREVENCIÓN DE CONSUMO DE LICOR ADULTERADO Y DE CONTRABANDO EN EL CAQUETÁ AÑO 2018
CONTIENE LA ESTADÍSTICA DE LAS  CAMPAÑAS PREVENCIÓN DE CONSUMO DE LICOR ADULTERADO Y DE CONTRABANDO EN EL CAQUETÁ AÑO 2018.
Internet Móvil, segmento, tecnología  y tráfico por proveedor
Internet Móvil, segmento, tecnología  y tráfico por proveedor
Municipal Court - Website Analytics
Web statistics for https://ecourt.mesaaz.gov/
Auxiliares por programa y valor 2019-2
Auxiliares determinados por programa y valores pagados
Managing for Results - Maryland Department of the Environment (MDE) - 2011 actual to 2017 estimated
This dataset contains data from the Department of Budget and Management as part of the Managing for Results (MFR) program.    Column heading translation table available at - Managing for Results (MFR) Directory: Statewide Goals, Objectives, and Metrics (https://opendata.maryland.gov/dataset/Managing-for-Results-MFR-Directory-Statewide-Goals/4vvy-9z56)
SFEC Form 3630 - Recipients of Major Behested Payments - Proceedings
Under San Francisco Campaign & Governmental Conduct Code Section 3.630(a)(1), any person who receives a behested payment, or series of behested payments in a calendar year, totaling $100,000 or more must file this form within 30 days following the date on which the payments total $100,000 or more. For example, if your behested payments received total $100,000 on June 12, 2019, you must submit this form by July 12, 2019. You must notify the Ethics Commission that the recipient has received such payment(s) and specify the date on which the payment(s) equaled or exceeded $100,000.  Additionally, under San Francisco Campaign & Governmental Conduct Code Section 3.630(a)(2), if you filed this report to notify the Ethics Commission that you received behested payments totaling $100,000 or more, you must file this form again between 12 and 13 months following the date on which the payment(s) or payments total $100,000 or more and submit Schedule A. For example, if your behested payments total $100,000 on June 12, 2019, you must submit Schedule A between June 12, 2020 and July 12, 2020. Filers must disclose all payments made that were funded in whole or in part by the behested payment(s) made at the behest of the City officer and if the person was an interested party in any City decision(s) involving the officer in the 12 months following the date on which the payment(s) were made.  This dataset is a subtable of the parent dataset "SFEC Form 3630 - Recipients of Major Behested Payments - Filings", linked from the dataset Primer. It must be joined using the DocuSign ID to connect to the parent table.  If in 12 months following the "Behested Payment Date" on the "Filings" dataset, the recipient of a major behested payment was an interested party in any City decision involving the "City Officer Name" on the "Filings" dataset, the filer must report the proceeding(s), and describe the outcome(s) sought in such proceedings or decisions.  If any contact was made in relation to a proceeding, the filer must provide a brief description (date, method, purpose of contact).  A "contact" means any communication, oral or written, including communication made through an agent, associate or employee, for the purpose of influencing local legislative or administrative action.
Land Bank Properties Sold
Updated Periodically - Land Bank properties sold or under contract
Healthy Economy in San Mateo County
Healthy Economy data for Get Healthy San Mateo County's Healthy Cities SMC: http://www.gethealthysmc.org/healthy-cities-smc
TTHM & HAA5 Monitoring
TCEQ uses contract samplers to collect all TTHM and HAA5 samples used for compliance with the Stage 2 Disinfection Byproduct Rule. The results in this data set are from all TTHM & HAA samples collected to date.
Índice de Información Clasificada Aguasan Encino
Consumo de agua por estratos años 2019 Aguasan Encino Santander
Pre-K Project Site Location
Pre-K Project Site Location details.
Average Days to Approve Commercial Permits with Annual Average
This dataset tracks total days to review and approve permits for 3 categories: small commercial (under $100k), medium commercial (between $100k and $500k), and large commercial (above $500k) projects. Dataset only includes approved permits and does not consider permits that are still open or pending.
TABLA PARA UBICACION MUSEOS DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2019
Ubicación de los Museos del Departamento del Atlántico 2019.
Officer Involved Shooting
Officer Involved Shootings for the Tacoma Police Department since 2012
Índices de mortalidade en el municipio de Popayán
Índices de mortalidad para el municipio de Popayán, expedidos por la secretaria de salud
Integrantes Concejo Municipal De Vijes 2020-2023
En este conjunto de datos podrán encontrar cada uno de los integrantes del Honorable Concejo del Municipio de Vijes Valle del Cauca.
2017 Central Line-Associated Bloodstream Infections (CLABSI) Table – Critical Access Hospitals
Oregon hospitals report CLABSIs from adult, pediatric, and neonatal intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, and medical/surgical wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html.
Censo Quichua
Censo 2020 Población Indígena Quichua
Budget - FTE
The San Francisco Controller's Office maintains a database of budgetary staffing data that appears in summarized form in each Annual Salary Ordinance (ASO). This data is presented on the Budget report hosted at http://openbook.sfgov.org, and is also available in this dataset in CSV format. New data is added on an annual basis when the ASO is published for each new fiscal year. Data is available from fiscal year 2010 forward.
Smart City Challenge Finalists Project Proposals - Calibration Data
Analysis of the projects proposed by the seven finalists to USDOT's Smart City Challenge, including challenge addressed, proposed project category, and project description.    The time reported for the speed profiles are between 2:00PM to 8:00PM in increments of 10 minutes.
OD0040 Water Well Records
Water well records contain details of the location, construction, and groundwater level of wells drilled on Prince Edward Island.
State HUD Data Utah 2009
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents, summarized at the state levels as downloadable files.
Zonas WiFi Aipe - Huila
El presente conjunto de datos referenciados tiene como objetivo dar a conocer los sitios en donde están ubicados las zonas WiFi.
Spending (DEV1)
Spending (DEV1/NBE)
Activos de Informacion Hospital Alfonso Jaramillo Salazar E.S.E
Inventario de Activos de Informacion de los Macroprocesos y Procesos del Hsopital Alfonso Jaramillo Salazar ESE, para el Proceso de Implementacion del Sistema de Gestion de Seguridad de la Informacion. Sistema de Gestion de Seguridad de la Informacion docuemntado e implementado por Robinson Vargas Rivera
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Case Management Contracted Providers
Listing of registered and contracted agencies providing Case Management Services with hours of operation
All Payer Inpatient Potentially Preventable Complication (PPC) Individual Rates by Hospital (SPARCS): Beginning 2013
The dataset shows each of the 65 individual Potentially Preventable Complication (PPC) measures, providing observed and risk-adjusted rates for all payer discharges by hospital and statewide, beginning in 2013.    Potentially Preventable Complications (PPC), obtained from software created by 3M Health Information Systems, are defined as harmful events or negative outcomes that develop or occur during hospitalization and may result from processes of care and treatment rather than from natural progression of the underlying illness.     The PPCs were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data.
Lobbyist - Report Types
A look up table of each lobbyist report types. You can recreate the City Clerk's lobbyist database by downloading all lobbyist datasets on the data portal and view the complete data model of the lobbyist database here: https://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=293053
BayStat Solutions Reporting - Maryland Dept. of Natural Resources 2000 - 2014
Chesapeake Bay restoration solutions, Best Management Practices (BMPs), progress reporting by tributary basin. Goals are a subset of the overall Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL).
MTA.rushhour_routes
A. SUMMARY Corridors that are targeted for congestion mitigation measures.  B. METHODOLOGY  Line geometry generated based on roadway centerlines. This dataset was created to show routes that have targeted intervention as part of the Rush Hour Congestion Strategy. The four focus methods of intervention include working with construction projects, limiting double parking, working with delivery trucks, and Don't Block the Box.  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  No regular updates   D. OTHER CRITICAL INFO  N/A
County HUD Data Utah 2012
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents in Utah, summarized at the state, public housing agency (PHA), project, census tract, county, Core-Based Statistical Area and city levels as downloadable files
U.S. Stabilization Efforts: What Do the Data Say? Road Construction Data
This file aggregates road construction at district level. It contains the length of roads constructed in the district and their density, defined as total road length divided by the district area.
Natural Gas Utilities Revenue, Units Sold and Customers by Year
Beginning in 2015, the dataset shows the revenue, units sold, and average number of customers by customer class for each natural gas utility operating in Iowa.
Nacimientos en el país que viven en Envigado años 2015-2018
Nacimientos de personas en el país durante los años 2015 - 2018, que viven en el municipio de Envigado.
Licensed Real Estate Professionals in Colorado
List of licensed real estate agents, brokers, appraisers, and other professionals in Colorado provided by the Division of Real Estate in the Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA).
Docentes Urbanos y Rurales Del Municipio De La Jagua De Ibirico
Base de datos de docentes urbanos y rurales en el municipio de la jagua de ibirico cesar
Key Indicators for Veteran Signals VHA Outpatient Survey
Key Indicators for Veteran Signals VHA Outpatient Survey
DNR Camping Parks Reservation Data 2016
Information collected through the reservation system for the general public to reserve camping sites in the Nova Scotia Provincial Parks for 2016
2019 E-2.4 On-Site Renewable Energy
By using renewable electricity at its facilities, the County lowers its energy costs, reliance on public utilities, and decreases emissions.
Contracts: ESD: Grant: Fiscal Year 2013
Contracts for the Grant ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
Fire Violations
Information on Fire Violations issued by the Fire Department for a particular location. Key fields include Violation Number, Violation Type, Address, Fire Code Reference, Violation Date, Violation Status.
Medicare Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF CY2013
The 2013 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Public Use File (herein referred to as “Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF”) presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.  The Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF contains data on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code and supplier rental indicator. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org). The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2013 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.      While the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF has a wealth of information on payment and utilization for Medicare DMEPOS services, the dataset has a number of limitations.  Of particular importance is the fact that the data may not be representative of a physician’s entire practice as it only includes information on Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries.  In addition, the data are not intended to indicate the quality of care provided and are not risk-adjusted to account for differences in underlying severity of disease of patient populations.  For additional limitations, please review the methodology document available below.
resultados por sorteo loteria santander
Contiene la numeración de mayores y secos que ha resultado ganadora a partir del sorteo 4100 jugado el 29 de diciembre de 2006
Activos de información Alcaldía Municipal de Subachoque
Activos de información Alcaldía Municipal de Subachoque
ESTABLECIMIENTOS NACIONALES ACONDICIONADORES DE PRODUCTOS CERTIFICADOS CON BUENAS PRÁCTICAS DE MANUFACTURA
En este listado se consolidan los establecimientos nacionales que cuentan con certificación en Buenas Prácticas de Manufactura vigente, para el acondicionamiento de productos farmacéuticos.
Food Insecurity By County
This dataset includes food insecurity, child food insecurity, and estimated SNAP eligibility rates provided by the Map the Meal Gap initiative of Feeding America
Vision Zero
This data identifies fatal and serious injury collisions using data provided by the Washington State Department of Transportation. Each mode of travel − pedestrian, bicycle, and motor vehicle, is identified in the collision type column. The information reflects data over the 12 year period from 2006 to 2018.  You can view Bellevue's crash map portal for this data here: http://cobgis.maps.arcgis.com/apps/MapSeries/index.html?appid=8964b232b8ec4a0180e0b56b1c29071d  Disclaimer: The data contained herein is obtained from the WSDOT records data base. City of Bellevue accepts no liability of errors or inaccuracies in the information reported.   If you do not see your injury on the map, please contact Franz Loewenherz, principal transportation planner (425-452-4077 or FLoewenherz@bellevuewa.gov)
2019 Census - Dwelling Unit Status (Neighbourhood/Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2019. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.  Census data has been collected and made available within the guidelines outlined in Policy C520C.  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/documents/PoliciesDirectives/C520C.pdf
CONDICIÓN DE LAS VÍCTIMAS 2DO SEMESTRE 2018
Condición de las víctimas por accidente del 2do semestre 2018 en el Municipio de Copacabana
PERSONAS CON DISCAPACIDAD MUNICIPIO DE GACHALÀ
Aquí se encontrara un listado general de los sitios donde habitan personas con discapacidad
Open Budget - Appropriations Fiscal Years 2010 - 2021
This dataset includes only those expenditures paid for by city revenue, also known as the General City Budget. The three proprietary departments (Port of LA, Department of Water and Power, Los Angeles World Airports) and non-budgetary departments (Library, Recreation and Parks, City Employee's Retirement Fund) operate at least partly from independent revenue sources. See the open budget websites for more information.  http://cao.lacity.org/budget/ http://openbudget.lacity.org/  Fiscal years 2010 - 2013 have aggregate budgets per department. 2014 - present display line item appropriations.
Field of Bachelor Degree ACS 1-Year Estimates: Mesa Residents
Population 25 years and over with a Bachelor's degree or higher attainment for Mesa. Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2010-2019 American Community Survey (ACS) 1-Year Estimates. Respondents could report more than one major for their bachelor's degree. The ACS source only counts the first major that was reported and does not necessarily reflect the first degree earned.  Table ID: C15010; ACS 1-Year Estimates Detailed Tables
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS161
Driver Feedback Sign DFS161  Latitude: 53.440231 Longitude: -113.406885  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Local Law 19 of 1999 Report - Monthly Placements
Individuals and families placed in HRA housing systems in pursuant to local law 19.    For Local Law 19 - Quarterly Unsheltered Street Homeless Individuals, follow this <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Social-Services/Local-Law-19-of-1999-Report-Quarterly-Unsheltered-/7tu6-bcih">link</a>.
GAAP Fund Numbers and Titles
This is the list of 4-digit GAAP Fund codes and corresponding GAAP Fund titles used to report fund activity on the Texas Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). GAAP Funds are for financial presentation; Appropriated Funds are used for budget and control.
Utah Transborder Transportation DAta 2020
This dataset provides interactive Utah data on the value and weight of shipments by the origin or destination state of U.S exports and imports by port of entry or exit.   FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: https://www.bts.gov/statistical-products/transborder-freight-data/north-american-transborder-freight-data-faqs TRANSBORDER RAW DATA: https://www.bts.gov/topics/transborder-raw-data CODES FOR NORTH AMERICAN TRANSBORDER FREIGHT RAW DATA: https://www.bts.gov/browse-statistical-products-and-data/transborder-freight-data/all-codes-north-american-transborder
2014 - 2015 Student School Survey Data
2015 NYC School Survey data for all schools.   To understand the perceptions of families, students, and teachers regarding their school.  School leaders use feedback from the survey to reflect and make improvements to schools and programs. Also, results from the survey used to help measure school quality.  Each year, all parents, teachers, and students in grades 6-12 take the NYC School Survey. The survey is aligned to the DOE's Framework for Great Schools. It is designed to collect important information about each school's ability to support student success.
Bronx Nursing Homes
Locations and information on the nursing homes in the Bronx
NNDSS - Table II. Salmonellosis to Shigellosis
NNDSS - Table II. Salmonellosis to Shigellosis - 2014.In this Table, all conditions with a 5-year average annual national total of more than or equals 1,000 cases but less than or equals 10,000 cases will be displayed (��� 1,000 and ��_ 10,000). The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Case counts for reporting years 2013 and 2014 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly. ��� Includes E. coli O157:H7; Shiga toxin positive, serogroup non-O157; and Shiga toxin positive, not serogrouped.More information on NNDSS is available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/.
Federal Provincial Contribution Agreements
The following spreadsheet is created through a consolidation of inputs from several Provincial departments involved in federal-provincial negotiations. The data set includes expired as well as active agreements.  It is intended as a working document for department staff.  As such we do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information provided.  The data do not include federal transfer payments or agreements that are not cost-shared between the federal and Nova Scotia government (e.g., Equalization, Canadian Health Transfer, Canadian Social Transfer, etc).
Washington School Improvement Framework (WSIF) 2018 Run
2018 Run of the Washington School Improvement Framework for Federal School Accountability under the Every Student Succeeds Act
DOB NOW: Safety Boiler
Annual compliance filings for high and low pressure boilers installed in buildings.    The Department of Buildings’ Boiler Unit oversees the installation and operation of New York City’s boilers. Property owners are responsible for ensuring that their boilers operate safely and are in compliance with the Building Code and all related regulations.
Orem City Police Crime Data
Orem City Police Department crime data.
FEMA Disaster Declarations In Utah 1953-2014
This data set includes disaster declarations for Utah as published by OpenFEMA and lists all official FEMA disaster declarations.
Procurement - Intent to Award Archive
This dataset provides an archive list of vendors to be recommended for award at the Cook County Board Meetings and are posted below for public viewing. Intent to Award information starting in June 2016 is available at https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/Finance-Administration/Procurement-Intent-to-Award/bgq7-v7ms
NNDSS - TABLE 1AA. Poliovirus infection, nonparalytic to Psittacosis
NNDSS - TABLE 1AA. Poliovirus infection, nonparalytic to Psittacosis - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.   * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Consolidado de Personas Socializadas y Sensibilizadas en el Departamento del valle del cauca  periodo de enero a diciembre de 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información  de Personas Socializadas y Sensibilizadas en el Departamento del valle del cauca  periodo de enero a diciembre de 2018
MATRICULA EN INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS OFICIALES POR SEDE Y GRADO 2017
MATRICULA EN INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS OFICIALES POR SEDE Y GRADO 2017
Strategic Measures_Vehicle Travel Time Reliability: Percent change in the day-to-day variability of vehicle travel time
This dataset supports measure M.A.2.b of SD 2023. The source of the data is the anonymized travel time data provided by the third party vendor INRIX. Each row represents the Buffer Time Index percentage for all critical arterial corridors on weekdays for each year. View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page : https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/M-A-2-b_Vehicle-Travel-Time-Reliability-how-consis/m5qg-vzb9/
Building Permits: 1 and 2 Family - DEPRECATED
This dataset has been deprecated and replaced by two new building permit datasets:   Building Permits: Addition/Alteration https://data.cambridgema.gov/Inspectional-Services/Building-Permits-Addition-Alteration/qu2z-8suj/data  New Building Permits https://data.cambridgema.gov/Inspectional-Services/New-Building-Permits/9qm7-wbdc/data  **** Description for Deprecated Dataset: Approved building permits for 1 and 2 family homes. Building permits are issued to licensed construction supervisors and enable recipients to construct, alter, or demolish a structure or install a sign. The building permit must be obtained from Cambridge's Inspectional Services Department before the start of any work and must be prominently posted at the job site. This dataset includes building permits for the construction of renovation of 1 and 2 family homes.
FOIA Request Log - Human Relations
FOIA requests received by the Commission on Human Relations as of May 1, 2010
Crecimiento intercensal de la poblacion Sucreña
La población de Sucre ha tenido un leve crecimiento según los indicadores recopilados por el DANE en el año de 1993 el censo arrojó una cifra de 719.651 habitantes y para el año de 2005 una cifra de 762.263 habitantes.
Iowa Population 24 to 64 Years Old by Educational Attainment and Employment Status (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains Iowa population 24 to 64 years old by educational attainment and employment status for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B23006.  Educational attainment includes the following categories: Less than High School, High School Graduate, Some College or Associates Degree, and Bachelors Degree or Higher.  Employment type is either civilian or military (armed forces).  Employment status is either employed or unemployed.
Flaming Gorge Total Water Acreage 1962-2019
This data set contains total water acreage from Flaming Gorge from 1962-2019.  Data is from US Bureau of Reclamation.
2013 Proposed Budget Attachment A
2013 Proposed Budget Attachment A  - September 24, 2012.
Índice de Información Clasificada - Cámara de Comercio del Oriente Antioqueño
Índice de Información Clasificada - Cámara de Comercio del Oriente Antioqueño - Sep 2020
Health_5500P_Employee Evaluations_HA2
Health Administration Employee Evaluations
Police Performance Measures
Performance measures for the Fulton County Police Department
2017 Greenhouse Gas Report Facility Data
The map contains greenhouse gas (GHG) data reported to Ecology as of December 15, 2018. The reported emissions are preliminary and have not been fully verified by Ecology. This information is subject to change.  Certain large facilities and transportation fuel suppliers are required to report their greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to Ecology beginning with the 2012 emissions year. Owners or operators of the following are required to report:  • Facilities that emit at least 10,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) of greenhouse gases per year in Washington.  • Suppliers of liquid motor vehicle fuel, special fuel, or aircraft fuel that supply products equivalent to at least 10,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide per year in Washington. These sources are not included on this map because they do not have a specific location.  This dataset does not include all of Washington’s emissions. See the Washington State Greenhouse Gas Emissions Inventory (https://ecology.wa.gov/Research-Data/Scientific-reports/Statewide-greenhouse-gas-inventory) for statewide emissions totals.  Emissions are in units of metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents using AR4 global warming potentials as specified in WAC 173-441.
Parks
The ‘Strathcona County Parks’ dataset contains outdoor areas of land that support active and passive recreational activities that are owned or operated by Strathcona County. It includes all natural and human-made landscaping, facilities and structures consistent with the general purpose of public park land whether or not the facilities are publicly operated or operated by other organizations pursuant to arrangements with the public authority owning the park. This will include but is not limited to municipal parks, schools, community halls, storm water management facilities, urban forests and protected areas. The boundaries of the ‘Park’ are typically related to the parcel boundaries as defined by zoning/Order-in-Council/other cadastre but there may be exceptions. Please note, there may be some ‘parks’ (protected areas, natural reserves, crown reservations, etc) that will not be included in this data layer if they are not owned or operated by Strathcona County.
Contributions to Financial Intermediary Funds
Financial Intermediary Funds (FIFs) are multilateral financing arrangements for which the World Bank provides Trustee services that include committing and transferring funds to project       implementers (generally international organizations such as multilateral development banks or UN agencies).  In all cases the World Bank as Trustee is required to act in accordance with instructions of independent governing bodies.    In fulfilling its responsibilities, the World Bank as Trustee complies with all sanctions applicable to  World Bank transactions.      The innovative financing and governance arrangements of FIFs enable funds to be raised from multiple sources, including from sovereign and private sources. FIF structures are customizable. For instance FIFs have been customized to receive contributions in the form of concessional loans in addition to traditional grant funds, and can provide funding to recipients using customized financial products.    Data is provided as of 12/31/2013. No further updates are planned for this particular dataset.
Changes in Net Position
Dollars in thousands ($,000s). Accrual Basis of Accounting.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of November 2018.</p>
Reclamaciones Técnicas de Agua Potable 2015
REPORTE CON NÚMERO DE RECLAMACIONES TÉCNICAS MENSUALES DE AGUA POTABLE
Epa Townetting Ctd Casts Logs
InPort Dataset ID: 17849 InPort Entity ID: 36243 Cast log with details on each water column profile that was collected. Profile data are linked to cast log using the Cast Key.
Little Rock Police Department Statistics 2016
This dataset displays Violent & Property Crimes that have taken place in the City of Little Rock. These are part 1 crimes which are reported to FBI. These numbers are subject to change due to reclassifying. Addressing is not provided on Rapes or associated items for victim privacy.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Colombia, 2012 - Data: Section 1
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Colombia as part of its 2012 round surveys.   The 2012 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and Universidad de los Andes, and the Observatorio de la Democracia with the field work being carried out by the Centro Nacional de Consultoría. In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
Most Popular Baby Names 2008-2017 City Of Austin
Provides the most popular names used for children born in the City of Austin.  An asterisk (*) denotes names with equal number of occurrences.
Memphis Police Department Districts
Shapefile of MPD Districts. 2 Districts are divided into 9 stations which are divided into 56 wards. Updated July 2020.
Casos De Infecciones De Transmisión Sexual En Los Municipios Del  Valle Del Cauca Año 2017
Casos De Infecciones De Transmisión Sexual En Los Municipios Del  Valle Del Cauca Año 2017
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE DICIEMBRE 2019
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE DICIEMBRE 2019 AGENCIA NACIONAL DE INFRAESTRUCTURA
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo de arroz semestre 2, en el departamento del Cesar.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras a escala 1:100.000, para la formulación del Plan de Ordenamiento Productivo y Social de la Propiedad Rural, así como la realización del Análisis Hidrológico para generar soluciones de Irrigación para zonas y sectores productivos estratégicos en el departamento del Cesar. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de arroz.
Immunizations (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/fri5-bwvn/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Nursing Homes
This data set shows the point location of nursing homes within the City of Baltimore. These data were geocoded from a list provided by the Maryland State Office of Health Care Quality. The list was provided to EGIS via CARE on the 6th of March, 2008.
2015-2016 Physical Education - PE Space - Supplemental Programs
Local Law 102 enacted in 2015 requires the Department of Education of the New York City School District to submit to the Council an annual report concerning physical education for the prior school year.    This provides information on the department's supplemental physical education program and a list of schools that use it.I. Includes all Move-to-Improve (MTI) supplemental programs for the 2015-2016 school year.
NOAA - Severe weather warnings for tornadoes: Storm based lead time (minutes)
Tornado Warnings are issued to enable the public to get out of harm’s way and mitigate preventable loss. NWS forecasters issue approximately 2,900 Tornado Warnings per year, primarily between the Rockies and Appalachian Mountains. Tornado Warning statistics are based on a comparison of warnings issued and weather spotter observations of tornadoes and/or storm damage surveys from Weather Forecast Offices in the United States.   Lead Time (LT) for a Tornado Warning is the difference between the time the warning was issued and the time the tornado occurred (based on certified reports) in minutes, assuming the tornado tracked within the bounds of the warned area. Lead Times for all tornado occurrences within the U.S. are averaged to get this statistic for a given fiscal year. This average includes all warned events with zero lead times and all unwarned events.   Lead Time is calculated down to the minute for individual Tornado Warnings and tornadic events. Although the timing of the warning transmission is recorded to the nearest second, typically there is only an estimate to the nearest minute of when a tornado touches down. Additionally, even though we can compute the average tornado warning lead time to a precision of 30 second increments or less, the reporting of this value implies greater accuracy in the data based on scientific and logistical restrictions on tornado reporting and surveying. Most tornadoes cannot be visually tracked from beginning to end and post-storm damage surveying is the official method with which the NWS categorizes tornado characteristics (intensity, path length & width) but must rely on radar data to estimate the timing of the tornado track.
Parks Concessions
NYC Parks uses a Commercial Off-The-Shelf database for maintaining its concession-related data.  In its raw form, the Parks data within the Yardi Voyager database has a convoluted structure, the majority of which is not being used by Parks to store any data. In an effort to make the data more user friendly, the multitude of tables used by the source database have been distilled into two that contain the essential information for a concessions database. One table (Parks Concessions) represents the concession asset – the place and thing which is being operated – and who holds the contract.  The other (Parks Concession Transactions) represents transactions between those contract holders and NYC Parks.  Parks Concession Transactions is here https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parks-Concession-Transactions/vmkw-p55f and can be joined to Parks Concessions using  PersonID, PropertyID and UnitID.
2016 Water Main Breaks
Number and type of water main breaks per month in 2016.
Percent of Infants Who Are Put to Sleep on Their Backs, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Percentage of mothers who put their infants on their backs to sleep, among all mothers of infants involved in survey.    Definition: Self-reported practice of putting infants on their backs to sleep.    Data Source: Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System, Maternal, Child, and Community Health Services, Division of Family Health Services,New Jersey Department of Health
Sales Tax Allocation, City-County Comparison Summary
Sales tax allocation comparison summary reports present data on monthly local sales and use tax payments to local jurisdictions. These payments represent funds identified for local jurisdictions since the previous month’s distribution. When used with other local indicators, these reports may help indicate present and future economic trends. This table lists entities alphabetically by county name, then alphabetically by cities within the county.    See https://comptroller.texas.gov/about/policies/privacy.php for more information on our agency’s privacy and security policies.
Fe Bongo Data
InPort Dataset ID: 18603 InPort Entity ID: 37561 Zooplantkon Densities in the Bongo Net from Ocean Salmon Surveys.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of August 2018.</p>
Grocery Stores - 2013
Contains a list of grocery stores which was used by the city to calculate the estimates of Chicagoans living in food deserts in 2013. Data in this file can be cross-referenced with the city's business license data (http://bit.ly/sMFZdN).
DES - Annual Greenhouse Gas Emissions
This is the total of greenhouse gas emissions in all county facilities per year, calculated by emissions of CO2 in metric tons. This is calculated using monthly utility bills.
Iowa Unemployment Insurance Initial Claims by Industry Sector (Weekly)
This dataset reports weekly unemployment insurance initial claims by NAICS industry sector.  This weekly data has been added in response to requests for more timely data to help measure the impact of the pandemic on Iowans.
Citizen Connect Variables (CV)
City Data for Social Change Platform indicators across 10 Policy Areas
Vital Signs: Population – by county
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Population (LU1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Population estimates  LAST UPDATED October 2019  DESCRIPTION Population is a measurement of the number of residents that live in a given geographical area, be it a neighborhood, city, county or region.  DATA SOURCES U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census No link available (1960-1990) http://factfinder.census.gov (2000-2010)  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates Table E-6: County Population Estimates (1961-1969) Table E-4: Population Estimates for Counties and State (1971-1989) Table E-8: Historical Population and Housing Estimates (2001-2018) Table E-5: Population and Housing Estimates (2011-2019) http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census - via Longitudinal Tract Database Spatial Structures in the Social Sciences, Brown University Population Estimates (1970 - 2010) http://www.s4.brown.edu/us2010/index.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 5-Year Population Estimates (2011-2017) http://factfinder.census.gov  U.S. Census Bureau: Intercensal Estimates Estimates of the Intercensal Population of Counties (1970-1979) Intercensal Estimates of the Resident Population (1980-1989) Population Estimates (1990-1999) Annual Estimates of the Population (2000-2009) Annual Estimates of the Population (2010-2017) No link available (1970-1989) http://www.census.gov/popest/data/metro/totals/1990s/tables/MA-99-03b.txt http://www.census.gov/popest/data/historical/2000s/vintage_2009/metro.html https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-total-metro-and-micro-statistical-areas.html  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) All legal boundaries and names for Census geography (metropolitan statistical area, county, city, and tract) are as of January 1, 2010, released beginning November 30, 2010, by the U.S. Census Bureau. A Priority Development Area (PDA) is a locally-designated area with frequent transit service, where a jurisdiction has decided to concentrate most of its housing and jobs growth for development in the foreseeable future. PDA boundaries are current as of August 2019. For more information on PDA designation see http://gis.abag.ca.gov/website/PDAShowcase/.  Population estimates for Bay Area counties and cities are from the California Department of Finance, which are as of January 1st of each year. Population estimates for non-Bay Area regions are from the U.S. Census Bureau. Decennial Census years reflect population as of April 1st of each year whereas population estimates for intercensal estimates are as of July 1st of each year. Population estimates for Bay Area tracts are from the decennial Census (1970 -2010) and the American Community Survey (2008-2012 5-year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Estimates of population density for tracts use gross acres as the denominator.  Population estimates for Bay Area PDAs are from the decennial Census (1970 - 2010) and the American Community Survey (2006-2010 5 year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Population estimates for PDAs are derived from Census population counts at the tract level for 1970-1990 and at the block group level for 2000-2017. Population from either tracts or block groups are allocated to a PDA using an area ratio. For example, if a quarter of a Census block group lies with in a PDA, a quarter of its population will be allocated to that PDA. Tract-to-PDA and block group-to-PDA area ratios are calculated using gross acres. Estimates of population density for PDAs use gross acres as the denominator.  Annual population estimates for metropolitan areas outside the Bay Area are from the Census and are benchmarked to each decennial Census. The annual estimates in the 1990s were not updated to match the 2000 benchmark.  The following is a
Campaign Finance Disclosure Filer Data Current State
This file contains general information about the candidate, lobbyist or committee who file campaign expense reports, including information about the election(s) and filing cycle(s) for which reports were filed. The data is also available and searchable on www.campaignfinanceonline.pa.gov.
Residential Solid Waste
Sizes and addresses of residential garbage carts.
Discount Program- Electric Only
Qualifying utility customers receive waivers and discounts on their utility bills. The City of Austin has one of the most generous Customer Assistance Programs in the nation. Utility bill discounts are a key component of the program. They are provided to customers already receiving benefits through a variety of federal, state, county or city assistance programs. In February 2014, the Austin City Council voted to expand the discount program to 45,000 customers a year.  Additionally, in 2015 the Austin City Council voted to no longer have a waitlist as well as include Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (VASH) vouchers as a qualifier.  Under the program, qualifying Austin Energy customers receive a waiver of the $10 monthly electric customer charge; are exempt from paying the portion of the community benefit charge that supports the Utility Bill Discount Program; and they receive a 10% discount on their kWh usage charge. Austin Water customers also receive a discount on the water/wastewater customer charge as well as a volumetric discount on a customer’s water usage. Watershed Protection provides a 50% discount on the drainage fee. Public Works under a separate qualification waives the transportation user fee.    Customers who qualify for utility bill discounts are receiving an average of $792 per year per family, $248 of which comes from Austin Energy. Total utility bill savings for the recipients is over $18 million annually.   Below is a summary of electric account savings only.
VA Cemeteries - Address, Location, Contact Information, Burial Space
<p>VA Cemeteries - Address, Location, Contact Information, Burial Space</p>
1830 P Median Of High Priority Incidents
"Median Number of Minutes to Respond to High Priority Incidents"
2010 Clay County Race Census Data
2010 Decennial Census data on Clay County Race data sorted by Census tract.  ID: P1, Table: RACE, Dataset: 2010 Redistricting Data SF (PL 94-171)
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2008
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2008
Development Log Historical Projects Additional Details 2011 - 2019
The Development Log provides a record of large-scale development projects occurring in the City of Cambridge. The Log, updated on a quarterly basis, is distributed to City departments and the public to keep them posted about development progress, from permitting through construction to completion. The Detailed Historical Projects table include information about projects completed from 2011 to 2019. In addition to the general project information found in the Historical Projects table, more detailed data is available such as the number of affordable housing units and parking spaces.   Since a project may include more than one use, data on each specific use found within a project is found in the associated Project Use table found here:https://data.cambridgema.gov/Planning/Development-Log-Historical-Projects-Use-Data/r5mv-isth.
INTERSECTIONS_STOP_SIGNS
This dataset is an inventory of shoulders along Hawaii Highways. Information on shoulders include: location, shoulder material (gravel, earth, concrete, asphalt, none etc.), length of shoulder polygon and condition of shoulder. https://highways.hidot.hawaii.gov/dataset/Shoulder-Polygons/ka4t-ppt7
State and County Road Closures
State and County roads temporarily closed in the County as reported by State and County DOT. Updated throughout the day.
Cooling Centers in LA County (2019)
Data includes cooling center addresses from LA County and City of LA websites for cooling centers, LA city recreation centers, and LA city year-round pools (2019 data).
Parroquias Católicas en Acacías Meta
Iglesias Católicas en Acacías Meta
CT Traffic Events
A dataset compiling live traffic event data from cttravelsmart.org.   This dataset contains historical traffic events data from April 2019 through the present. Traffic events include accidents, congestion, closures, and construction along routes in Connecticut.  Updated nightly.  Note: this dataset is experimental and may not capture every traffic event.
Housing Costs -  Percent of Income, 2014
Housing costs as percent of income from ACS, American Community Survey, 2014, 5 year estimate, 2010-2014, DP04. This data includes rental units and units with a mortgage. This data excludes units that do not have a mortgage.
Vermont Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) Retailers
Retailers that welcome SNAP EBT customers
Legacy Purchase Orders
***Please note, the City-Parish has implemented a new financial and procurement system.  Effective 9/14/2017 all purchase order processing was halted in the legacy system.  This dataset was comprised of data from this legacy system.  Our new system went online on 10/2/2017.  We are working towards providing the purchase orders from the new system and hope to have it available by the end of October.    Listing of all purchase orders issued to procure goods and/or services within City-Parish.    In the City-Parish Purchasing system, a purchase order (PO) is made up of two components: a header and one or many detail items that comprise the overarching PO. The header contains information that pertains to the entire PO. This includes, but is not limited to,  the total amount of the PO, the department requesting the purchase and the vendor providing the goods or services. The detail item(s) contain information that is specific to the individual item ordered or service procured through the Purchase Order. The item/service description, item/service quantity and the cost of the item is located within the Purchase Order details. There may be one or many detail items on an individual Purchase Order. For example, a Purchase Order for a computer equipment may include three items: the computer, the monitor and the base software package.    Both header information and detail item information are included in this dataset in order to provide a comprehensive view of the purchase order data. The Record Type field indicates whether the record is a header record (H) or detail item record (D). In the computer purchase example from above, the system would display 4 records – one header record and 3 detail item records.      It should be noted header information will be duplicated on all detail items. No detail item information will be displayed on the header record.
Iowa Statewide Emergency Solutions Grant (ESG) Program Awards
This dataset includes Iowa Statewide Emergency Solutions Grant (ESG) Program Funding Awards for the 2017 and 2018 Calendar Year.
Community Health Indicator Reports (CHIRS): Latest Data
New York State Community Health Indicator Reports (CHIRS) were developed in 2012, and are updated annually to consolidate and improve data linkages for the health indicators included in the County Health Assessment Indicators (CHAI) for all communities in New York. The CHIRS present data for more than 300 health indicators that are organized by 15 different health topics. Data tables are provided for all 62 New York State counties, 11 regions (including New York City), the State excluding New York City, and New York State.
ESTABLECIMIENTOS INSCRITOS EN TRAPICHES PANELEROS
Listado de trapiches paneleros inscritos ante el INVIMA.
State's Attorney Felony Cases - Disposition Outcomes By Offense Type and Location Type
The disposition data presented in this report reflects the culmination of the fact-finding process that leads to the resolution of a case. Included in this data set are the defendant counts by city/suburb and disposition, their associated offense type, and year.
2014 Census - Dwelling Unit By City Resource Access (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2014.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Comment on Art Glass Rulemaking 2016
DEQ invites the public to comment on the Art Glass Rulemaking from June 15 to July 29, 2016. Comment received outside this timeframe will not be considered.
DIRECTORIO E.S.E HOSPITALES DEPARTAMENTO DE  SANTANDER
INFORMACIÓN DE LOS HOSPITALES DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER CON NIVEL, NIT, TELÉFONOS Y CORREOS ELECTRÓNICOS.
Utah Quarterly Wages And Salaries By Major Industry 1948 1957
Utah Quarterly Wages And Salaries By Major Industry 1948 1957
Statistics Canada Dissemination Areas
A listing of Edmonton's dissemination areas from Statistics Canada. More info at https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/pub/92-195-x/2011001/geo/da-ad/def-eng.htm
Metropolitan Council Members
Names and contact information for each elected Member of the Metropolitan Council.
Circuit Clerk Book A Index
Created by Macoupin County Archives volunteers, this index of cases from 1839-sometime in the 1840s.     For a copy of a death certificate, please submit a request to the following  Circuit Clerk Research  P.O. Box 197  Carlinville, IL 62626    Requests can take 30-60 days to be fulfilled. Costs are 5 dollars.
Servicio de energía eléctrica codensa  Alcaldía  Chia y jardines 2018
Información estadística servicio de energía eléctrica Codensa  Alcaldía  Chia y jardines 2018
Activos de información Municipio de Ciénega
Activos de información Municipio de Ciénega
Metro Arts Funded Projects and Locations
A compilation of locations that were activated to facilitate Metro Arts funded projects.
USA SPENDING CH39 B100 AUTOMOBILE AND ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT ALLOWANCE APR2019
<p>VBA PROGRAM BENEFITS for Automobiles and Adaptive Equipment for Certain Disabled Veterans and Members of the Armed Forces. Veterans with honorable service and servicepersons on duty having a service-connected disability due to loss or permanent loss of use of one or both feet, one or both hands, or a permanent impairment of vision of both eyes to a prescribed degree. For adaptive equipment only, eligibility also exists if there is service-connected ankylosis of one or both knees or one or both hips. Personnel on active duty also qualify under the same criteria as veterans. Uses &amp; Use Restrictions:  Assistance toward purchase of an automobile or other conveyance is a one-time payment only. Necessary adaptive equipment may be furnished, repaired, replaced, or reinstalled on a conveyance which may be purchased with assistance or any other conveyance subsequently or previously acquired. Adaptive equipment will be provided for no more than two conveyances during any four-year period unless one of those two vehicles becomes unavailable to the veteran.</p>
Unreinforced Masonry Buildings
A list of known unreinforced masonry buildings in the Seattle city limits.
2016-2017 Student Discipline Annual Report - IEP
Student discipline annual report aggregated by IEP, removals, principal and/or superintendent intervention and expulsions.
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD ENERO 2019 - HOSPITALIZACION
Primeras causas de morbilidad - Hospitalizacion del mes de enero de 2019.
CIP Expenditures
CIP Expenditures. Monthly Data Extract from FAMIS - Financial Accounting Management Information System.  Coded fields may require further analysis to interpret
Percent of 7th Grade Students Meeting Physical Fitness Standards
Percent of 7th grade students tested for physical fitness that score within the HFZ (Healthy Fitness Zone) in all six physical fitness areas.
Percent of Prescribers, who wrote at least one Controlled Substance Prescription, Using CPMRS Per Year
This data set shows the number of prescribers who wrote at least one controlled substance prescription and used the CPMRS per year beginning with 2014
Carroll County Full and Part Time Jobs By Industry: Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040
Total Jobs by Industry, Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040 in Carroll County by Industry and by Place of Work
Cook County Municipalities, Number of Vacant Commercial Addresses, 3/2009 ACS
Courtesy MetroPulse
Participatory Budgeting Ideas Submitted by Community Members
This dataset contains all of the ideas (projects) proposed by community members about how they think the City should spend a given year’s Participatory Budgeting funds. Each summer, community members submit ideas. Each fall, volunteer Budget Delegates research the ideas, evaluating each one based on feasibility, need, and impact. The Delegates ultimately develop about 20 final projects for the public to vote on in December of each year.  To learn more, please visit http://pb.cambridgema.gov/
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Labour by Industry 2001
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports employment by industry. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Feed the Future Zambia Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-File 1
Feed the Future Zambia Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence: This dataset (n=739, var=163) is the first of two datasets needed to calculate the WEAI-related measures. It contains Module G data from the primary adult (18+) female decisionmaker within each household (for the sub-sample of households with a primary adult female decisionmaker).
CorStat - Employment By Industry
Percentages of Corona employment by industry. Data provided by a report from the City of Corona Economic Development team. <br>  <b>Update Frequency:</b> Yearly<br>  <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Condensed Balance Sheets
Quarterly updates for condensed balance sheets. Dataset based on unaudited data. Values are in millions of US$ equivalent, rounded to 2 decimal places.  Our goal is to make raw data publicly available in open data format as soon as it is approved for public release through other channels, please refer to the official versions: http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/docsearch/collection-title/World%2520Bank%2520financial%2520statements?colT=World%2520Bank%2520financial%2520statements (IBRD/IDA), http://www.ifc.org/wps/wcm/connect/topics_ext_content/ifc_external_corporate_site/ifc+finance/investor+information/financial+statements (IFC) and https://www.miga.org/resources/reports/annual-reports/ (MIGA).
Densidad de Cultivos de Coca 2017
Información relacionada a los archivos cartográficos de la densidad de los cultivos de coca, detectados por el Sistema Integrado de Monitoreo de Cultivos Ilícitos-SIMCI, reportados para el período censal 2017  Ayúdanos a responder esta encuesta en el enlace de origen.
COMPARENDOS POR INFRACCIONES AL CODIGO DE POLICIA DEL MUNICIPIO LOS PATIOS
Comparendos por infracciones al Código de Policía de la segunda semana de Enero del 2019 del Municipio de los Patios.
Inventario de Información Reservada
Inventario de Información Reservada de la Universidad Militar Nueva Granada
2017 Catheter-Associated Urinary Tract Infections (CAUTI) Table – Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals
Oregon hospitals report CAUTIs from adult and pediatric intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, medical/surgical, and inpatient rehabilitation wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
Esquema de Publicaciones IMRDS
Esquema de publicaciones de la página web del Instituto Municipal para la Recreación y el Deporte de Soacha
On-street Car Parking Sensor Data - 2018
The City of Melbourne has installed in-ground parking bay sensors in most CBD parking bays. These sensors record when a vehicle arrives and when it departs. Each record also includes the parking restriction for the bay and whether the vehicle has overstayed that restriction. An event will include if a vehicle was present or not which can determine stay time and vacancy time.
2021 Proposed Budget - Dollars
2021 Proposed Budget - Dollars
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a JULIO de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Julio de 2015 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Nova Scotia Labour Agreements
Collective agreements filled with the Minister of Labour and Advanced Education pursuant to subsection 4A(12) and Section 46 of the Nova Scotia Trade Union Act.
Humedad Relativa Mínimos
Volumen de humedad relativa - mínimos, obtenido en la red de estaciones hidrológicas de la Corporación Autónoma Regional de Cundinamarca - CAR.
Chattanooga Per Capita Income - 2017
Per capita income for tracts in Hamilton County
Información Métrica Sitio WEB
Información Métrica Sitio Web Alcaldia Municipal de Armero Guayabal-Tolima
Iowa Correctional Institutions
This dataset contains location information for the adult correctional facilities and penitentiaries in Iowa.
Order of Nova Scotia Award Recipients
This dataset provides the names of individuals who have received the Order of Nova Scotia from 2002 to 2016. The dataset includes the recipient’s name, residence, the date they received their ONS, and position.
Presidentes Juntas de Acción Comunal de las Veredas del Municipio de Ortega - Tolima
Información básica sobre los presidentes de Juntas de Acción Comunal de las veredas del Municipio de Ortega
Entidades Bancarias Guadalajara de Buga / Banking Institutions Guadalajara de Buga
Información básica de la entidades bancarias que tienen sucursal  en el municipio de Guadalajara de Buga / Basic information of the banking entities that have a branch in the municipality of Guadalajara de Buga
City of Albany Property Tax Assessment
This dataset contains the tax assessment roll of approximately 31,000 properties on which taxes are levied including exemptions to eligible individuals & organizations for August 1, 2014 - May 1, 2015
Fund Balances of Government Funds
Dollars in thousands ($,000s). Modified Accrual Basis of Accounting.
AFSC/ABL: Eastern Bering Sea (BASIS) Coastal Research on Juvenile Salmon (Oceanography and Zooplankton data)
Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus spp.) runs in rivers that flow into the eastern Bering Sea have been inconsistent and at times very weak. Low returns of chinook (O. tshawytscha) and chum (O. keta) salmon to the Yukon River, Kuskokwim River, and Norton Sound areas of Alaska prompted the state of Alaska to restrict commercial and subsistence fisheries during 2000 and declare the region a fisheries disaster area. Weak salmon returns to these river systems follow several years of low sockeye (O. nerka) salmon returns to Bristol Bay, which was declared a fisheries disaster region during 1998 by both the State of Alaska and the U.S. Department of Commerce. Causes of the poor salmon returns to these river systems are not known however, the regional-scale decline of these stocks indicates that the marine environment may play a critical role. Ocean conditions, particularly in the first few months after the salmon leave fresh water, are known to significantly affect salmon survival (Holtby et al. 1990; Friedland et al. 1996; Beamish and Mahnken 2001). Mechanisms affecting marine survival of the eastern Bering Sea salmon stocks are unknown, principally due to the lack of marine life history information on western Alaska salmon. To improve understanding of the marine life-history stage of salmon in the Bering Sea, the North Pacific Anadromous Fish Commission (NPAFC) began an internationally coordinated research program on salmon in the Bering Sea called the Bering-Aleutian Salmon International Survey (BASIS) (NPAFC 2001). As part of BASIS, scientists from the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), Ocean Carrying Capacity (OCC) program conducted a fall survey on the eastern Bering Sea shelf to provide key ecological data for eastern Bering Sea salmon stocks during their juvenile life-history stage. The goal of the OCC/BASIS salmon research cruise was to understand mechanisms underlying the effects of environment on distribution, migration, and growth of juvenile salmon on the eastern Bering Sea shelf. Primary objectives of BASIS include: 1) to determine the extent of offshore migrations of juvenile salmon from rivers draining into the eastern Bering Sea, 2) to describe the physical environment of the eastern and northeastern Bering Sea shelf occupied by juvenile salmon, and 3) to collect biological information on other ecologically important species. Summaries of previous Bering Sea juvenile salmon research cruises can be found in Farley et al. (1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005).
Average Annual Numbers and Rates of Suicide Fatalities in NS by age group and sex
Average Annual Numbers and Rates of Suicide Fatalities in NS by age group and sex, time periods: 2010-2012, 2013-2015, 2016-2018
Utah Valley University (UVU) Police Crime_Incident Data
This data set contains Utah Valley University Police Department Crime_Incident Data
Acueductos rurales Municipio de Pasto a septiembre 2018
acueductos que están en funcionamiento dentro de la zona rural de pasto que cuenta con 17 corregimientos a septiembre 2018
Managed Long Term Services and Supports (MLTSS) Enrollees
1. Enrollment includes both Medicaid-only and Medicare-Medicaid (“dual”) enrollees. For both types of enrollees, Medicaid covers LTSS. For dual enrollees, Medicaid may also cover Medicare cost-sharing for acute, primary care, and specialty services covered by Medicare, and other non-LTSS services that are not covered by Medicare.					 2. Some comprehensive managed care programs enroll beneficiaries who may be at risk of needing LTSS but do not receive any LTSS. These counts only include individuals that receive LTSS. Moreover, states differ in their ability to report individuals who use MLTSS versus those who are enrolled (and may or may not be using LTSS). This table reports MLTSS users unless otherwise noted. 					 3. Comprehensive Managed Care Including LTSS does not include PACE programs.					 4. MLTSS Only programs cover LTSS under capitation; acute, primary, and specialty care services for these enrollees may be covered by another Medicaid MCO, Medicaid FFS, or by Medicare for dual enrollees. These data include states that provide MLTSS plus other benefits in a package that does not include inpatient medical care.					 5. The indicated territory was not able to supply data for this report. The Northern Mariana Islands reported that they have no Medicaid managed care enrollment, but they did not report total Medicaid enrollees.
City of Cincinnati Expenses by Object Code
Data Description: This data set contains all City of Cincinnati expenses by object code and day. The object code is the descriptor explaining the nature of the expense (personnel; overtime; office supplies; etc.)   Data Creation: This data is pulled directly from the City's financial software; which centralizes all department financial transactions city wide.     Data Created By: The Cincinnati Financial System (CFS)  Refresh Frequency: Daily  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/City-Spending/cuw9-nu34/   Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Morgan School District Sage Scores 2014
Morgan School District Sage Scores 2014
TABLAS DE RETENCIÓN DOCUMENTAL
TABLAS DE RETENCIÓN DOCUMENTAL
Cuadrantes de Policía Municipio de Yopal
Información sobre los cuadrantes de Policía del Municipio de Yopal
Quarterly Retail Sales Tax Data by County and City
Retail Sales Tax Data by County and City
JORNADA ÚNICA SEPTIEMBRE 2020 DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER
Instituciones del Departamento de Santander que tienen jornada todo el día.
RELACIÓN DE PREDIOS ACTIVOS EN IMPUESTO PREDIAL UNIFICADO  SINCELEJO 2017
Relación de predios activos en impuesto predial unificado de la Alcaldía de Sincelejo a Diciembre de 2017.
Daily Sulfer Dioxide Emissions Utah 2007
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (sulfer dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Treasurer - Annual Tax Sale
Under Illinois law, the Treasurer’s Office is required to hold an Annual Tax Sale. The sale is held once a year, sometime after the Second Installment. If property taxes for the immediately preceding tax year are delinquent on a parcel, they are offered for sale to tax purchasers at the Annual Tax Sale. The buyer is buying a tax lien on the property not the property itself. For more information on Annual Tax Sales visit http://www.cookcountytreasurer.com/annualtaxsale.aspx and https://www.cooktaxsale.com.
2014 USVETS Minority Veterans Report: Count of Minority & Non-Minority Use of VBA
Dataset from 2014 listing the count of minority and non-minorities using VBA services
Ocean Juvenile Salmon Metrics
InPort Dataset ID: 18495 InPort Entity ID: 37571 Metrics for Salmon Collected in Ocean Salmon Surveys.
New York State Locality Hierarchy with Websites
The dataset contains a hierarchal listing of New York State counties, cities, towns, and villages, as well as official locality websites
Asociaciones Productivas de Ataco Tolima
Asociaciones Productivas del municipio de Ataco Tolima
SF Development Pipeline 2019 Q1
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly. For more information please see http://sf-planning.org/pipeline-report A data dictionary can be downloaded from here:http://layers.sfplanning.org/PipelineDataDictionary.xlsx
Comportamiento de Ciudadanos en los Concurso de Méritos por Nivel del empleo
Muestra el comportamiento por nivel del empleo, sexo y rangos de edad de los ciudadanos inscritos a un Concurso de Méritos y su relación con las etapas del mismo.
2015 Federal Grants Data As of June 30, 2015
The data provided here details the State of Missouri's Federal Grants Data as of June 30, 2015.
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
Dando cumplimiento al Decreto 103 de 2015, Por el cual se Reglamenta parcialmente la Ley 1712 de 2014 y se dictan Otras Disposiciones.
Campaign Finance Filings Submitted to the New York State Board of Elections: Beginning 1999
This dataset contains all financial disclosure reports filed with the New York State Board of Elections beginning July of 1999. For updated information, please visit http://www.elections.ny.gov
All Utah K12 Education Data FINAL
Utah School District and Charter School Expenditure Data
Proceeds Spent
Annual Debt Transparency Report (ADTR) Proceeds Spent. Data related to the purposes for which the proceeds of debt issues subject to annual reporting under California Government Code section 8855(k) are spent.
NÚMERO DE ALUMNOS MATRICULADOS POR MUNICIPIO Y POR GRADO EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DEL CESAR
RELACIÓN DE LOS ALUMNOS MATRICULADOS POR MUNICIPIO Y POR GRADO EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DEL CESAR.
Staff salary and wages budget 2014-15
This dataset shows the summary of planned Human Resources expenditure across permanent and temporary council staff. It also includes a breakdown of expenditure and number of staff for each category across the organisation's structure.  It also includes information if the figure relates to a planned, actual or budgeted expense record.
Nova Scotia Power Grant In Lieu
The Nova Scotia Power Privatization Act authorizes the Minister of Municipal Affairs to distribute monies (which it receives from Nova Scotia Power Inc. as payments in lieu of municipal taxes) to the municipalities.  The Province use the NSPI assessments from the Property Valuation Services Corporation to calculate each municipality's share of total NSPI assessment.
Travel Time
The data presented below represents the percent of city of Dubuque residents with less than 20 minute commutes to place of employment.
2016 - 2017 Demographic Snapshot
Department of Education Report on Demographic data in New York City Public School
2011-2012 Proposed Budget - Expenditures Allowance by Budget Control Level (BCL)
Excel version of the data included in Attachment A to the Budget Adoption Ordinance.  This data reflects all appropriations (by budget control level) included in the 2011-2012 Proposed Budget.
Pumping Station Locations
A pump station is a holding chamber that pumps liquids to a required area. Using transfer pumps they are installed when liquid is unable to be gravity-fed  to the required location.  This dataset can be used in conjunction with other related datasets: <ul><li><a href="https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Drainpipes/3bff-vaa5">Drainage</a></li> <li><a href="https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Litter-Trap/4spx-8bh5">Litter Traps</a></li> <li><a href="https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Stormwater-Pits/psq9-yz4x">Stormwater pits</a></li> </ul>
Inmates Under Custody: Beginning 2008
Represents inmates under custody in NYS Department of Corrections and Community Supervision as of March 31 of the snapshot year.  Includes data about admission type, county, gender, age, race/ethnicity, crime, and facility.
Bills Signed By Governor Brown 2017
Bills signed by Governor Kate Brown (2017)
Town Median Income 2014 All Returns
This report is provided for historical continuity with previous reports.  Median AGI for all tax returns is not an inappropriate measure of central tendency because it is so dependent on the mix of single and dual (joint) incomes within a town.  Determination of median AGI for all tax returns by town was required by VSA Title 16, Section 3480 in 1981 to assist in computation of aid to education.  In 1987 this statute section was amended to specify determination of average AGI per exemption.  The entire section was repealed in 1997 as part of Act 60.
Care 4 Kids Unique Children By Age Group FY12
Care 4 Kids unique children served by age group by Town in Fiscal Year 2012. Care 4 Kids helps low to moderate income families in Connecticut pay for child care costs. This program is sponsored by the State of Connecticut’s Department of Social Services
Austin Finance Online eCheckbook Column Definitions
Column definitions for the lat file data set - Austin Finance Online eCheckbook - found on the data portal . The data contained in this dataset is for informational purposes only.   Please visit the Austin Finance Online website for a searchable front end to this data set.
ESTABLECIMIENTOS NACIONALES DE MEDICAMENTOS CERTIFICADOS CON BUENAS PRÁCTICAS DE LABORATORIO (BPL)
En este listado se consolidan los establecimientos nacionales que cuentan con certificación en Buenas Practicas de Laboratorio vigente, para la realización de análisis físicos, físicoquímicos y/o microbiológicos de medicamentos, incluyendo el analisis de ingredientes farmacéuticos activos; excipientes; materiales de envase y/o productos semielaborados y terminados; así como, ensayos de estabilidad y validación de metodologías analíticas.
1310P_Appraisal Services
Performance measures dataset
Love Your Local Business List
Businesses nominated for the Love Your Local program
Comment on DEQ's Water Quality Permit Fee Rulemaking
DEQ invites you to comment on the proposed rule amendments between 9 a.m. 5/15/17 and 4 p.m. 6/30/17. Comments received outside this time frame will not be considered. Please note that all information provided when commenting will display below and becomes public record.
CONTRATACION 2018
A continuación, se entregan los datos de los contratistas para la vigencia 2018 en el Municipio de Chiquinquirá.
Sheer Wave Velocity Dataset for Utah
The shear-wave-velocity (Vs) dataset was originally compiled for the site-response map of Salt Lake Valley (Ashland and Rollins, 1999) and later updated for the shear-wave-velocity/site-conditions map of the Wasatch Front urban corridor.
Table 13: Wastewater Recycled
DOH Environmental Indicators
SHL - Meter Shops
This list contains information on authorized SHL meter-shops.
Matriculados 2018-2
Matriculados Periodo 2018-2
Key Ratios and Performance Metrics
Provides key ratios and select metrics from quarterly financial statements. Dataset based on unaudited data. Values are in millions of US$ equivalent, rounded to 2 decimal places.  Our goal is to make raw data publicly available in open data format as soon as it is approved for public release through other channels, please refer to the official sources: http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/docsearch/collection-title/World%2520Bank%2520financial%2520statements?colT=World%2520Bank%2520financial%2520statements (IBRD/IDA), http://www.ifc.org/wps/wcm/connect/topics_ext_content/ifc_external_corporate_site/ifc+finance/investor+information/financial+statements (IFC) and https://www.miga.org/resources/reports/annual-reports/ (MIGA).
Población subsidiada en SALUD del Municipio De Pasto a corte 02-08-2020
Afiliación de la población al Sistema General de Seguridad Social en Salud, municipio de Pasto, primer semestre 2020 corte 2 de agosto.
Food Service Inspection Violations
This dataset contains violations of the Georgia Department of Public Health's Food Service Rules and Regulations reported by Fulton County Board of Health environmental health specialists during inspections of food service establishments.  Violations are identified by the code and abbreviated description of the violated rule as it appears on the inspection report form.  In addition to the violation, the dataset includes detailed information on the inspection including the facility name, the facility address, the inspection date and time, and the overall score.  This datatset is related to the following datasets: Food Service Inspections, Food Service Inspection Temperature Violations and Food Service Violation Comments.
Highway Traffic Counts in Colorado 2018
Traffic counts on highways and various calculations, from Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT), for 2018
TRAINING 2010 Greenhouse Gas Inventory for Government Operations (CO2)
Results of the 2010 Greenhouse Gas Inventory for Government Operations showing greenhouse gas emissions for San Mateo County government facilities and operations. Data is shown with CO2 equivalent.
NNDSS - TABLE 1GG. Smallpox to Streptococcal toxic shock syndrome
NNDSS - TABLE 1GG. Smallpox to Streptococcal toxic shock syndrome – 2020.  In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Benefits Paid
Benefits Paid is the total dollar amount claimants were qualified to receive within a given month.  These figures include only Regular UI, and exclude any Federal/Military claims and extensions.
Rabies Laboratory Submissions: Beginning 2017
This dataset includes all animals submitted to the Rabies Laboratory for testing across New York state, including the total number of submissions, submissions per county, type of animal submitted, and total number of positive specimens. This does not include New York City submissions. To view the published rabies reports on the Health Department's website, visit https://www.wadsworth.org/programs/id/rabies/reports.
ENERGY STAR EU Displays
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 7.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Displays that are effective as of July 1, 2016. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=monitors.pr_crit_monitors.
IT- Survey Perf
Survey results in key IT areas
Informe de Matrícula Anexo6 SIMAT
listado de Gestión de la Cobertura  del Servicio Educativo, Oficial ,no Oficial, por Zona, Carácter Y Especialidad Jornada , Metodología Educación Contratada Población Indígena , Afro-descendiente, Internos,  Necesidades Educativas Especiales Victimas del Conflicto  Armado por Grado Y Genero. Gobernacion Huila
DCAS Managed Building Fuel Usage
City Building Fuel Usage Data.
DYCD after-school programs: ISY In-School Youth Employment Programs
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site, that offer “In-School Youth Employment (ISY) Program” after-school  job and internship programs for students in High School.
Licensed On-Site Wastewater Treatment and Disposal System Licensees
A listing of professionals issued licenses for eight classes of professional activity related to wastewater treatment and disposal systems.
Daños Saneamiento del Alcantarillado en el Municipio de Pereira
En este conjunto de dato podrá encontrar el reporte con el número de daños al mes en la red de saneamiento de agua del alcantarillado en el Municipio de Pereira.
Activos de Información
Registra los Activos de Información de Pensiones de Antioquia
ENERGY STAR Certified Commercial Water Heaters
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 1.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Commercial Water Heaters that are effective as of February 18, 2013 and Version 2.0 which is effective October 1, 2018. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/water_heaters/commercial_water_heaters#specs.
Trauma Related Interventions
Trauma Related Interventions - Measure K Project YTRAU
Total Municipal Electricity Use FY2010 - FY2016
Total municipal electricity use by property and department.
Secretaria Desarrollo Agropecuario 2018- Los Patios
Estadísticas de Funciones y programas Ejecutados en la Secretaria de Desarrollo Agropecuario Primer semestre 2018
Consumption Of Petroleum Products In Utah T 3.17 1960-2012
Consumption Of Petroleum Products In Utah T 3.17 1960-2012
Street Centerlines (w/ PCI rating)
City of Cincinnati street center line data, broken out by street segment. Pavement Condition Index (PCI) rating for each street segment is also included. Pavement Condition is assessed annually by the Department of Transportation & Engineering (DOTE).    This data is maintained by the Department of Transportation & Engineering, and is refreshed daily.
Seguridad Y Convivencia-  Número de Suicidios en Bolívar por Municipios.
En este conjunto de datos, podrá visualizar el Número de Suicidios ocurridos en cada Municipio del Departamento de Bolívar, por año, a partir del 2011 al 2017.
Major Election Polls 2010-2017
This dataset represents the Polling Places for all the major elections between 2010 and 2017
Librarian Visits to Schools and Day Cares
Librarian visits to school and day care facilities by fiscal year. Updated annually
Broadband by Census Blocks
Datasets collected and created as part of the NYS Broadband Mapping Program. Data includes high speed Internet service availability by provider company (census block level), internet technology service areas (DSL, Cable Modem, Fiber to the Home) and statistical calculations of households served by technology (2000 US Census household units). Cable and internet providers are listed, and mapped by numerical code.
Daños Saneamiento 2016
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE DAÑOS AL MES EN LA RED DE SANEAMIENTO DEL AGUA
Promedio y puesto de mejor ICFES por establecimiento educativo privado en el Municipio de Tuluá 2013
Promedio y puesto de mejor ICFES por establecimiento educativo privado en el Municipio de Tuluá 2013
deslgrntP
Comment - Align diesel grant program with federal guidelines
Feed the Future Zambia Commodity Balance Sheet: Soybean Meal
This data asset contains a time series of commodity balance sheets for soybean meal in Zambia, from 2005 to 2017. This secondary data was compiled from various sources.
Tiempo total del servicio en el centro oportuno
Registro del tiempo  total del servicio a la comunidad al realizar algún tipo de tramite en el centro oportuno como el pago de impuesto de industria y comercio y/o predial entre otros.
Percentage of children under 19 years of age with health insurance, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Percent of persons surveyed who had health insurance coverage at the time of the interview    Definition: Percentage of New Jersey residents with health insurance coverage    Data Sources:  1) US Census Bureau, Small Area Health Insurance Estimates    2) New Jersey Behavioral Risk Factor Survey, Center for Health Statistics, New Jersey Department of Health Suggested citation: New Jersey Behavioral Risk Factor Survey (NJBRFS).    3) New Jersey Department of Health, Center for Health Statistics, New Jersey State Health Assessment Data (NJSHAD) [online]. Accessed at http://nj.gov/health/shad
Line Item Budget FY2014-15
includes prior years
PLAN INDICATIVO 2017
Conjunto de datos que contiene el avance en la ejecución de los programas y proyectos del Plan de Desarrollo "Itagüí Avanza con equidad para todos" para la vigencia 2017
Kane County Opioid Prescriptions 2006_2012
This data set contains opioid prescriptions dispensed in Weber County from 2006-2012 as reported to the Drug Enforcement Agencies ARCOS database.  The data contains the manufacturer, distributor & pharmacy that dispensed the opoid as well as the dosage and strength.
Grain Car Order Fulfillment for Manifest Service
Weekly grain car orders (for manifest service) data from the Surface Transportation Board's (STB) Rail Service Metrics. As part of their submission to the STB, railroads provide data on the running totals of grain car orders placed versus grain car orders filled by State for cars moving in manifest service (as opposed to unit train service). In addition, STB requests the railroads report the number of unfilled orders that are 1-10 days overdue and 11+ days overdue, as measured from the due date for placement under the carrier’s governing tariff.  "Grain" includes the following Standard Transportation Commodity Codes (STCCs): 01131 (barley), 01132 (corn), 01133 (oats), 01135 (rye), 01136 (sorghum grains), 01137 (wheat), 01139 (grain, not elsewhere classified), 01144 (soybeans), 01341 (beans, dry), 01342 (peas, dry), and 01343 (cowpeas, lentils, or lupines).
Chronic Absenteeism (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/Learn-More-Chronic-Absenteeism-LA-/yrs9-ai6w/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Feed the Future Mozambique Baseline Population Survey, Durable Goods Expenditures
The Mozambique Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in two provinces, Zambizia and Nampula. These areas were selected based on national estimates that indicate that the incidence of poverty, malnutrition, and stunting among children less than five years of age is disproportionately high. These provinces are adjacent to three of the country's main trade corridors: Nacala (linking Mozambique to Malawi and Zambia), Beira (linking Mozambique to Zimbabwe), and the N1 (key North-South road connecting Nacala and Beira corridors). This spreadsheet describes expenditures on durable goods by the household.
Global Tobacco Surveillance System (GTSS) - Global Youth Tobacco Survey (GYTS)
1999-2018. The GYTS is a school-based survey that collects data on students aged 13–15 years using a standardized methodology for constructing the sample frame, selecting schools and classes, and processing data. The GYTS surveillance system is intended to enhance the capacity of countries to design, implement, and evaluate tobacco control and prevention programs. Funding for the GYTS has been provided by the Canadian Public Health Association, National Cancer Institute, United Nations Children Emergency Fund, and the World Health Organization—Tobacco Free Initiative.
FOIA Request Log - Graphics and Reproduction Center - Historical
FOIA requests received by the Graphics and Reproduction Center from May 1, 2010 - December 31, 2010; for requests made January 1, 2011 or later, see https://data.cityofchicago.org/FOIA/FOIA-Request-Log-General-Services/aehc-sg39
Traffic Signal Inventory - Pole and Cabinet Locations
Specific Location of traffic signals poles and cabinets,
Animal Control - Gender by Species - Fiscal Year 2011 Incomplete
Data last updated September 2011
Campaña #OjoALoNuestro
La campaña buscaba informar a las veedurías de Cundinamarca sobre la realización del Tercer Encuentro Departamental de Veedores Ciudadanos de Cundinamarca y el Segundo Encuentro Regional de Contralores y Personeros Estudiantiles
Matrículas enero a julio de 2019
Base de datos de los matriculados en la jurisdicción de la Cámara de Comercio de Valledupar para el Valle del Río Cesar en el periodo de enero a julio de 2019.
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Day Care Homes – Site-Level Contact and Program Participation – Program Year 2016-2017
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This dataset contains <b> contact information and program participation information for each CACFP site operating as a Day Care Home (DCH) during program year 2016-2017</b>. Sites can participate in one or more CACFP sub-programs. The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30.<p> This dataset only includes information for Texas Day Care Homes participating in CACFP.  <b>For data on CEs and sites participating as Adult Day Care Centers (ADC), Child Care Centers (CCC), At-Risk Afterschool Centers (At-Risk), Head Start Centers, emergency shelters, and centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Centers – Contact and Program Participation” dataset, also on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.</b><p> <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. Updates will occur quarterly and end 90 days after the close of the program year. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will remain published but will no longer be updated.
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Labor Force and Unemployment
Labor Force and Unemployment.  *Eligible labor force.  ‡Percent unemployed of the 16 year and older eligible labor force. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP03.
MTA Fiscal Year Ridership
Unlinked passenger trips on an annual basis for Maryland Transit Administration services; Local Bus, Light Rail, Metro Rail, Mobility, MARC and Commuter Bus, and Locally Owned Transit Systems (LOTS).
Prevalencia de Hipertensión Arterial en Personas de 18 a 69 años en el Departamento de Bolívar
Prevalencia de Hipertensión Arterial en Personas de 18 a 69 años en el Departamento de Bolívar. En este conjunto de datos podemos visualizar la Prevalencia de Hipertensión Arterial en Personas de 18 a 69 años en el Departamento de Bolívar, desde 2016 a 2018.  Forma de Calculo :(Numerador/denominador*100)	 Numerador: N° de personas de 18 y 69 años con diagnóstico de hipertensión arterial	Denominador: Población de 18 a 69 años afiliada  Fuentes: Cuenta de Alto Costo (CAC) - Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social.                  BDUA (Base de Datos Única de Afiliados)- Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social
Mayor's Expense Report (2017) (DEPRECATED)
DEPRECATED: Please see the multi-year dataset at https://data.edmonton.ca/Elected-Officials/Mayor-s-Expense-Report/9q8e-brde.  January 1, 2017 - December 31, 2017  For information on other expense categories, refer to the Mayor's Meeting Expenses dataset (https://data.edmonton.ca/Elected-Officials/Mayor-s-Meeting-Expenses-2017-/3fvf-vxtw).
EPS Online Crime Reporting
This dataset provides statistics on EPS's Online Crime Reporting tool.    This tool has been available to the public since the second quarter of 2013 to report less serious crimes online without having to file a report at a police station. Online reporting is a more efficient and streamlined reporting process, thus allowing EPS to redeploy its support resources to other organizational needs. The convenience of online reporting may encourage citizens to report crime that would otherwise go unreported; thus providing EPS with better intelligence about patterns of crime, which can improve police deployment to crime hot-spots.    Online Crime reporting is available for the following police matters:  ◦Lost Property  ◦Mischief  ◦Theft from Vehicle (under $5,000)  ◦Theft of Bicycle (under $5,000)  ◦Theft under $5,000    Statistics here include:  -the number of EPS occurrence reports that were submitted by the public online, and approved by EPS  -the number of EPS occurrence reports that could have been reported online, but were reported by other means (e.g,. reporting at a police station)  -the percentage of EPS occurrence reports that were reported online (for occurrence types that have the option of being reported online)    The EPS encourages citizens and visitors to our city to report all crimes that occur in Edmonton. Online Crime Reporting is available at: http://www.edmontonpolice.ca/ContactEPS/OnlineCrimeReporting.aspx
CJFJC - PC Sheriff Reports
Number of domestic violence reports the PC Sheriff Department DV unit has provided investigation and follow-up on
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Jamaica, 2010 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Jamaica as part of its 2010 of round surveys.   The 2010 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and the Center for Leadership and Governance of the University of the West Indies (UWI).
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Livestock Price Dataset
This table contains conversions for livestock prices. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'lstock' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of May 2019.</p>
ENERGY STAR Certified Residential Dishwashers
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 6.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Residential Dishwashers that are effective as of January 29, 2016. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/appliances/dishwashers/key_product_criteria
Seattle Bicycle Data
This is a datasets that....
Reporte Calidad de Aire AMB
El AMB cuenta con SISTEMA DE VIGILANCIA DE CALIDAD DEL AIRE – SVCA Tipo III, propio de las áreas con población objeto entre 500.000 y 1.500.000 habitantes el cual entró en operación a partir de Octubre de 2018. Está compuesto por 5 estaciones diseñadas para medir material particulado PM10 y PM2.5, Ozono (O3), Óxidos de Nitrógeno (NOx) y datos meteorológicos.
BHO SUD Continuity of Care: 2010-2014
The Behavioral Health Organization (BHO) initiative overseesthe transition to managed care for Medicaid recipients who receive mental health (MH) and substance use disorder (SUD) services in New York State. The metrics emphasize improving rates of timely follow-up treatment post discharge, timely filling of appropriate medication prescriptions post discharge, and reducing rates of readmission.The BHO SUD Continuity of Care dataset is designed to assess the frequency with which individuals receive a lower level, less intensive, substance use disorder or Mental Health Follow-Up service within 14 or 30 days following a discharge from inpatient detoxification, chemical dependence inpatient rehabilitation, inpatient detoxification or chemical dependence inpatient rehabilitation.  The year 2015 saw the conclusion of the first phase of the Behavioral Health Organization initiative  (BHO). A new Behavioral Health Managed Care Transition phase II is underway. The data contained in  the BHO metrics span 2010 to 2014, using the 2010 calendar year for a baseline. Earlier in the program  (2011‐2012) the metrics were calculated quarterly and on a year‐to‐date basis, later in (2013‐2014),  New York State Office of Mental Health opted for semi‐annual and year‐to‐date aggregations.
Accidentes por tipo de vehículos
Histórico de accidentes por tipo de vehículo para la ciudad de Floridablanca, Santander
Commercial bldg review days out
this data set shows the  commercial bldg plan review number of days out
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Disability by Type
Disability status is determined for the civilian noninstitutionalized population who responded to questions regarding six types of difficulty and may vary by age. For children under 5 years old, hearing and vision difficulty are used to determine disability status. For children between the ages of 5 and 14, disability status is determined from hearing, vision, cognitive, ambulatory, and self-care difficulties. For people aged 15 years and older, they are considered to have a disability if they have difficulty with any one of the six difficulty types.   *Note: numbers are NOT mutually exclusive. Persons can have more than one type of disability. This is why percentages will NOT add to 100%.  Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S1810.
City of Edmonton Non-residential Permits Value
Separating the data at the CMA and city levels offers a richer understanding of the non-residential investment being attracted to the region and the success of the City at competing for non-residential investment.
Lobbyist - Registrants
This dataset lists all registered lobbyists and business entities with the City of Austin.  You can recreate the City Clerk's lobbyist database by downloading all lobbyist datasets on the data portal and view the complete data model of the lobbyist database here: https://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=293053
BIS - Percent of licenses requiring interagency referral referred within nine days.
Generally, export license applications for dual-use items (products that may have both civilian and military applications) and less sensitive munitions items fall into two categories: 1) referred licenses, including those licenses that require a recommendation from another agency (i.e., Department of Defense, State, and Energy, and where appropriate, other U.S. governments departments or agencies) thus the name “referred licenses;” and 2) non-referred licenses, which are those license requests that BIS may review/approve without referral to any other federal agency. Referred licenses comprise approximately 85% of BIS license applications, with the remaining 15% being non-referred licenses. This measure is designed to measure the effectiveness of BIS in meeting the target of referring 98% of licenses requiring referral within 9 days. If BIS does not meet the metric of 98% of license applications referred within 9 days, BIS is not maintaining effective management of the license application review processes. According to Section 3 of Executive Order 12981, BIS must complete its initial review and refer to appropriate agencies the application and other pertinent information within 9 days.
Memphis Animal Services Euthanasia by Type
This dataset shows the number of animals euthanized each month by Memphis Animal Services and the reason why euthanasia was performed. Broken out into dog, cat, other and total.
Wasatch And Summit County Public Health Services Directory
Wasatch And Summit County Public Health Services Directory
Semi-detached Housing - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the June 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/68tXy5Z2lR5JveviJkulZa?t=1  Open from June 12 - 19, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 8,431 Insight Community Members. 2,323 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 2,346 respondents completed the survey: 2,323 Insight Community Members and 10 from the call to action button on our webpage and 23 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Sitios De Interés
Sitios De Interés del Municipio de Rovira
Floodplain BFE (Base Flood Elevation)
This is the 2017 DFIRM Data for Base Flood Elevation lines (BFE). The Base Flood Elevation (BFE) which refers to the elevation associated with the 1% annual chance of flood occurrence in any given year. The Base Flood Elevation (BFE) height is shown as an integer. Reference the profiles found in the Detail Studies for a more precise determination of the BFEs (copies can be obtained through FEMA's website (www.msc.fema.gov) or Pierce County Surface Water Management website (www.piercecountywa.org/flood). The BFE in this data is in NAVD88 (North American Vertical Datum 1988) and measured in feet. The BFEs corresponds to the "AE" zones (AE means an A zone with known elevation) that are shown in the "County Floodplains" data. One product of completing a Detailed Study of a floodplain is the determination of the Base Flood Elevation (BFE). A Detailed Study is also required to map a Floodway. This data identifies to the elevation of the water surface in a 1% Annual Chance Flood and shows where detailed flood studies have been done. Not all areas in a floodplain have BFE/detailed studies. The Base Flood Elevation (BFE) table is required for any digital data where BFE lines will be shown on the corresponding Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM). The Digital Flood Insurance Rate Map (DFIRM) Database depicts flood risk information and supporting data used to develop the risk data. The primary risk classifications used are the 1-percent-annual-chance flood event, the 0.2-percent-annual- chance flood event, and areas of minimal flood risk. The DFIRM Database is derived from Flood Insurance Studies (FISs), previously published Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), flood hazard analyses performed in support of the FISs and FIRMs, and new mapping data, where available. The FISs and FIRMs are published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The file is georeferenced to earth's surface using the UTM projection and coordinate system. The specifications for the horizontal control of DFIRM data files are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:12,000.  Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbswm_regulated_floodplain_bfe.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
OIG -% of investigative cases completed within 365 days (OIG)
During FY 2018, OIG continued its effort to close old cases and address investigations in a more timely manner. Investigators were diverted from working lower priority cases to address older cases. To improve operations, OIG is hiring additional investigative staff, and will continue to work to meet this metric in FY 2019.
CUPOS EN EL II SEMESTRE DEL 2015
Cupos asignados en el segundo semestre del 2015
Summary Of  Bonded  Indebtedness
Provides the data for 3 charts: Retired versus New Debt, Total Debt, and Statutory Debt Limit Used.
FY2014 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Agricultural Processing
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/dataset/FY-2014-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report/5ihe-rmwc
CPS 2.5 Legal Statuses Granted FY2010- 2019
This chart counts the different legal statuses granted during the fiscal year for children in DFPS custody. Children in DFPS custody are those for whom a court has appointed DFPS legal responsibility through temporary or permanent managing conservatorship or other court ordered legal basis.  This chart includes any child in DFPS custody at some point during the year.  Children may be duplicated in the count, if they were in and out of DFPS custody more than once during the fiscal year.   A description of the different types of legal statuses is in the CPS glossary: http://www.dfps.state.tx.us/About_DFPS/Data_Book/Child_Protective_Services/Resources/glossary.asp  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs
Indice de Informacion Clasificada y Reservada Fondo Rotatorio de la Policía
Contiene el índice de información clasificada y reservada del Fondo Rotatorio de la Policía
OD0056 AccessAbility Supports Monthly Caseload
Number of AccessAbility Support open cases, monthly, from 2010
Friendly Visiting and Meals Express
AASME Measure K Performance
Benefits Utilization by Program and Minority Status: 2014 (In Percentages Relative to Total)
<p>This dataset contains information on minority veteran healthcare usage, educational attainment, unemployment rates, median income, and projected population figures.</p>
Estadistica 2015 - Apicola
Estadistica 2015 - Apicola
Indicador de Producción Decreto 2193 IV Trim 2018 Hospital Departamental de Villavicencio
Contiene el Indicador de Producción del Decreto 2193 de 2004 del IV Trim de 2018 correspondiente al Hospital Departamental de Villavicencio
Police: 2015 Response to Resistance
Police: 2015 Response to Resistance
Bronx 311 HPD - Paint and/or Plaster Complaints
Bronx 311 service requests for paint and/or plaster
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a FEBRERO de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 28 de Febrero de 2015 de las Entidades del Eector Eolidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
2012 Census - Population By School Residency (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
2014 Human Services Funded Program Outputs
This data set includes the type of funding, the agency and funded program, and their service-related output total for 2014.
Energy Efficiency - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from Part 2 of the April 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1704&as=Vo3Nt1o72M&t=1    Open from April 18 - 25, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6760 Insight Community Members. 1531 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 23%. A total of 1542 respondents completed the survey: 1531 Insight Community Members and 11 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Municipal Contribution To Roads
According to the Provincial Municipal Service Exchange Agreement, municipalities are required to pay the Province for the cost of maintaining of the local roads constructed pre-April 1, 1995. The fees paid by municipalities started at $3,500 per kilometer and is adjusted annually by the CPI for Canada. The rate for 2019-20 fiscal is $5,427 per kilometer.
Children Recreation Programs - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the December 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1479&as=kS68a60ba5&t=1    Open from December 13 - 21, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6516 Insight Community Members. 1552 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 24%. A total of 1578 respondents completed the survey: 1552 Insight Community Members and 26 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Airports in Opportunity Zones
This dataset shows airports in opportunity zones.
Directorio del Concejo Municipal San Francisco
Listado de los concejales electos en el municipio de San Francisco Putumayo para el período 2016 - 2019
Amenity Areas - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the May 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1034&as=2vI4vr1V7R&t=1    Open from May 10 - 17, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6410 Insight Community Members. 1963 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 31%. A total of 1965 respondents completed the survey: 1963 Insight Community Members and 2 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attached document, found under the "About" option, in the "Attachments" section.
IFC Investment By Industry - Annual Summary
IFC Industries (Sectors) are in charge of processing IFC transactions. They also provide the Regional Departments with the expertise and knowledge needed to process new projects. Learn more at http://www1.ifc.org/wps/wcm/connect/industry_ext_content/ifc_external_corporate_site/industries .  FY10 data has been revised to be consistent with IFC's FY11 re-organizational changes across Industry departments.  Note:  Dollars in millions, for the year ended June 30. Short-term finance investments are included in figures prior to 2015.
ENERGY STAR Certified Commercial Refrigerators and Freezers
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 4.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Commercial Refrigerators and Freezers that are effective as of March 27, 2017. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/commercial_food_service_equipment/commercial_refrigerators_freezers/key_product_criteria.
Disease Severity Rating of Chile Pepper Plants Inoculated with Phytophthora Capsici Collected in Taiwan
The data are the phenotypic host reactions of a recombinant inbred line population of Capsicum annuum developed to differentiate races of Phytophthora capsici. The New Mexico Recombinant Inbred Line (NMRIL) is an F8 population derived from a hybridization between ?Early Jalapeno? (susceptible parent) and Criollo de Morelos 334 (CM334) (resistant parent). The controls include CM334 (negative control) and New Mexico Capsicum Accession 10399 (NMCA10399) (positive control). Also included are the World Vegetable Center host differentials including ?Early Calwonder? (EC), PI 201234, PBC137, and PBC602. The host differentials were screened with isolates of P. capsici that were collected from chile pepper production regions of Taiwan (Republic of China) in 2016 as well as Race 1, 2, and 3 of P. capsici from the World Vegetable Center collection at a concentration of 10,000 zoospores per plant. The plants were scored at ~2 weeks after inoculation and only those with an average score of = 1 were considered resistant. The experiment included 6 plants per replication with two replications and each test was repeated twice. The data would be best used by individuals interested in population structure, virulence, or sources of resistance to the oomycetes plant pathogen Phytophthora capsici.
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Income Household Income by Income Groups
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports household income before tax by income group. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
2014 General Election Turnout Percentage By Precinct
2014 Colorado general election turnout percentage listed for each precinct in the state
Public Grants (2010-2012)
City of Edmonton grants awarded 2010-2012 to non-for-profit  organizations in the multicultural, recreation/amateur sport and social service sectors: Community Investment Hosting and Operating grants, Community Facility Partner Capital grants, Community League Infrastructure Grants, Family and Community Support Services (FCSS) Operating Program grants.
2013 Election Results
Election results for the 2013 Strathcona County municipal elections. Results include all positions and all voting stations.
Fogafín Ordenes Suscritas
Ordenes suscritas por Fogafín
TxRC 2017 Daily Purses Paid
2017 Daily purses paid by Texas pari-mutuel racetracks as reported to TxRC.  All figures are based on information available to TxRC at the time the data was compiled and are subject to being audited and revised.
Housing Litigations
The Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) Housing Litigation Division (HLD) initiates' actions in the Housing Court against owners of privately-owned buildings to enforce compliance with the housing quality standards contained in the New York State Multiple Dwelling Law and the New York City Housing Maintenance Code.  HLD attorneys also represent HPD when tenants initiate actions against private owners.  HPD is automatically named as party to such actions.  The goal of these court proceedings is to obtain enforceable Orders to Correct, Civil Penalties (fines) and Contempt Sanctions, compelling owners to comply with the Housing Code.
Modal Share Analysis Data, 1984 to Present
The data represents  total U.S. grain movements involving barge, rail and truck by commodity and market type; starting from 1984.
Patient survey (ICH CAHPS)
In-Center Hemodialysis Facilites Patient evaluations from the In-Center Hemodialysis Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (ICH-CAHPS) Survey. The ICH-CAHPS Survey is a national, standardized survey of in-center hemodialysis patients about their experiences with the facility, facility doctors and staff, and care received.
Pari-mutuel Grants To Municipalities
In accordance with the provisions of CGS Section12-575(m), grants to municipalities are paid to towns which host Off-Track Betting and Pari-mutuel operations.
Treasurer - 2009 Annual Tax Sale Forfeited PINS
This file contains data on the 2009 Annual Tax Sale Forfeited PIN's.
Care 4 Kids Average Families Served per Month 2011
Care 4 Kids helps low to moderate income families in Connecticut pay for child care costs. This program is sponsored by the State of Connecticut’s Department of Social Services.
WSPP Projects & Expenditures
Revenues and Expenditures for Wild Spaces, Public Places, projects funded by a 2-year voter approved 1/2 cent sales tax county wide, with all municipalities receiving a share.
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2008
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2008
Indigenous Place Names of Edmonton
The Naming Committee approves names for municipal facilities, new neighbourhoods, parks and roads. Matthew Dance, a local geographer and open data advocate, created this dataset in conjunction with the City of Edmonton.  Indigenous people have lived in the Edmonton area for more than 10,000 years. Edmonton currently has an urban Indigenous population of over 50,000, the second-largest in Canada, and it is growing quickly. Reflecting this rich past and large population are over 100 place names in Edmonton with Indigenous roots. Many of the names are familiar, but not automatically associated with their Cree or Métis origins. This data set allows users to explore Edmonton by learning the Indigenous source of many of the place names found in our city, including streets, parks, neighbourhoods, walkways and more.
DSS Township Counts - by Medical Benefit Plan - CY 2016
DSS CY 2016 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2016, by township and medical benefit plan. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
Tasa De Graduación 200 - Conservatorio de Musica
Tasa de graduación de los programas sub graduados al 200% del tiempo.
SFEC Form 3600 - Board And Commission Member Behested Payment Filings
Under San Francisco Campaign & Governmental Conduct Code Section 3.610, Members of City Boards and Commissions who are required to file a Form 700 are also required to file a Behested Payment report if they directly or indirectly request or solicit charitable contributions totaling $1,000 or more from any party, participant, or any agent of a party or participant involved in a proceeding regarding administrative enforcement, a license, a permit, or other entitlement for use before their Board or Commission. For more information visit www.sfethics.org.    The payors information on the form is also available in a parsed data table and can be joined using the DocuSign ID.  The payors table is available here:  https://data.sfgov.org/City-Management-and-Ethics/SFEC-Form-3600-Board-and-Commission-Member-Beheste/ibrg-quig
Candida albicans response to spaceflight (NASA STS-115) --- GSM1231690_Slide_43
https://c3.nasa.gov/genelab/accession/GLDS-20/    This study presents the first global transcriptional profiling and phenotypic characterization of the major human opportunistic fungal pathogen, Candida albicans, grown in spaceflight conditions. Microarray analysis revealed that C. albicans subjected to short-term spaceflight culture differentially regulated 454 genes compared to synchronous ground controls, which represented 8.4% of the analyzed ORFs. Spaceflight-cultured C. albicans induced genes involved in cell aggregation (similar to flocculation), which was validated by microscopic and flow cytometry analysis. We also observed enhanced random budding of spaceflight-cultured cells as opposed to more normal bipolar budding patterns for ground samples, in accordance with the gene expression data. Furthermore, genes involved in antifungal agent and stress resistance were differentially regulated in spaceflight, including induction of ABC transporters and members of the major facilitator family, downregulation of ergosterol-encoding genes, and upregulation of genes involved in oxidative stress resistance. Finally, downregulation of genes involved in the actin cytoskeleton was observed. Interestingly, the transcriptional regulator Cap1 and over 30% of the Cap1 regulon was differentially expressed in spaceflight-cultured C. albicans. A potential role for Cap1 in the spaceflight response of C. albicans is suggested, as this regulator is involved in random budding, cell aggregation, actin cytoskeleton, and oxidative stress resistance; all related to observed spaceflight-associated changes of C. albicans. While culture of C. albicans in microgravity potentiates a global change in gene expression that could induce a virulence-related phenotype, no increased virulence in a murine intraperitoneal (i.p.) infection model was observed. This study represents an important basis for the assessment of the risk that commensal flora could play during spaceflight missions. Furthermore, since the low fluid-shear environment of microgravity is relevant to physical forces encountered by pathogens during the infection process, insights gained from this study could identify novel infectious disease mechanisms, with downstream benefits for the general public. Cells were grown for 24 hours on the space shuttle or as ground-based controls, preserved in RNALater, and stored at -80C. Four samples of each flight- and ground-based controls were harvested for microarray analysis. GAP is Group Activation Pack and each GAP contains 8 FPAs. The numbers represent the # assigned to the particular GAP and the number assigned to the specific FPA (1-8) within the indicated GAP. The same hardware is used for the flight samples and the ground samples.
Audits
Fully implemented audit report recommendations since issuance of the audit report
Master Fund Finder Data 11092017 (test)
Master Content For WWSFF Prototype Ver. 0.9 (11-09-2017)
East Ogden Tenant Buildout Meetings (2018 - Current Year)
A meeting held with City staff that provides prospective tenants with an understanding of the fees and permitting requirements for their project.  Tenant Buildout permits are required for any new tenant occupancies.
ESTADISTICA DE  COMPARENDO MUNICIPIO LOS PATIOS
Estadística de Comparendos por infracciones al Código de Policía de la segunda semana de febrero 2019 del Municipio los Patios.
ESQUEMA DE PUBLICACION
Esquema de Publicación Universidad Militar Nueva Granada
COVID-19 cases by city of residence
The dataset summarizes counts and rates of cumulative COVID-19 cases by cities in Santa Clara County. Source: California Reportable Disease Information Exchange
Land Mobile Private Transmission Towers in Utah
This data set contains land-based private transmission towers in Utah.  This information is for use in GIS systems for general planning, analytical, and research purposes. It is not intended for engineering work or to legally define FCC licensee data or FCC market boundaries. The material in these data and text files are provided as-is. The State of Utah disclaims all warranties with regard to the contents of these files, including their fitness. In no event shall the State of Utah be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from loss or use, data or profits, whether in connection with the use or performance of the contents of these files, action of contract, negligence, or other action arising out of, or in connection with the use of the contents of these files.
Richmond Community Survey
In January 2007, the City of Richmond enrolled in the National Research Center’s (NRC) National Citizen Survey (NCS) program in order to conduct a resident survey to help the City Council set spending priorities and to set a benchmark of city service delivery. The City conducts a survey every two years.
Homeownership ACS Census Data
Homeownership rates by race
Condominium Data Report FY2016
Data for condominium parcels in the City of Cambridge for fiscal year 2016, including sales and building information. File includes both residential and commercial condominiums. For descriptions of the data fields see the Assessing Data Description attachment.
Percent Eligible Foster Youth Graduating High School or GED and Percent Eligible Foster Youth in College Vocational Training
Percent of eligible foster youth enrolled in college and vocational training. Human Services Agency performance measure 7440P ID 547 (college and vocational training) and 7440P 548 (high school and GED)
Port of Los Angeles - Historic Tonage Data Short Ton (1920-1970)
Port of Los Angeles - Historic Tonage Data Short Ton(1920-1970)
Business Personal Property Tax -2019
This dataset contains the mailing address of all businesses that operate in Montgomery County. Zip codes are the postal delivery areas defined by USPS. Zip codes with mailboxes only are not included. Updated annually.
PRIMERA CAUSA DE MORBILIDAD DE ATENCIÓN EN URGENCIAS-ENERO
PRIMERA CAUSA DE MORBILIDAD DE ATENCIÓN EN URGENCIAS-ENERO
EDA - Dollar amount of economic development grants made to communities and regions to help build the capacity to support the manufacturing-related activities and needs of businesses
This performance indicator measures the number of EDA grants made to communities and regions to help build the capacity to support the manufacturing-related activities and needs of businesses.
.nz DNS Statistics
Daily DNS statistics from the .nz authoritative nameservers
2013 - 2014 School Survey Data
2014 NYC School Survey data for all schools  To understand the perceptions of families, students, and teachers regarding their school.  School leaders use feedback from the survey to reflect and make improvements to schools and programs. Also, results from the survey used to help measure school quality.   Each year, all parents, teachers, and students in grades 6-12 take the NYC School Survey. The survey is aligned to the DOE's Framework for Great Schools. It is designed to collect important information about each school's ability to support student success.
Distribution Of Utah Coal By Destination And End Use T 2.17 2005
Distribution Of Utah Coal By Destination And End Use T 2.17 2005
Utah Annual Summary Commercial Renewable Energy Tax Credit T6.5 1981-2010
Utah Annual Summary Commercial Renewable Energy Tax Credit T6.5 1981-2010
Homicide death rate among 15-19 year old males (per 100,000 persons), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2009-2011
Rate: Deaths Per 100,000 15-19 year old males of Population    Definition: Deaths where homicide is indicated as the underlying cause of death. Homicide is defined as death resulting from the intentional use of force or power, threatened or actual, against another person, group, or community. ICD-10 Codes: X85-Y09, Y87.1 (homicide)    Data Sources:    1) Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    2) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
Annual All Utah Air Quality 2011
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
LISTADO CONCEJALES MUNICIPIO ALCALA
Listado de los concejales que fueron elegidos para el periodo constitucional 2012 - 2015
Table 5: Ambient Levels of Carbon Monoxide (CO) in Honolulu
DOH Environmental Indicators
Campaña #HoyYMañanaBEPS
La campaña #HoyYMañanaBEPS buscó informar y solucionar las inquietudes de la ciudadanía sobre el programa de Beneficios Económicos Periódicos – BEPS de Colpensiones
Public Safety Resource Locations
This dataset is a combination of the existing Police and Fire datasets. They are combined here for easier mapping of the two resources.
Información contratos concurso de méritos Alcaldía Municipal de Chia  vigencia  2017
Información contratos concurso de méritos Alcaldía Municipal de Chia  vigencia  2017
Historical Average Tax Rates By Counties In Utah 2004-2013
This data set contains historical average tax rates by Counties in Utah from 2004-2013.  Average tax rates are computed by dividing total locally and centrally assessed taxes charged by total taxable value, excluding motor vehicle fee-in-lieu value.
Employment by establishment size, monthly, unadjusted for seasonality (x 1,000) / Emploi selon la taille de l'établissement, mensuel, non ajusté pour la saisonnalité (x 1 000)
Employment by establishment size, monthly, unadjusted for seasonality (x 1,000)  / Emploi selon la taille de l'établissement, mensuel, non ajusté pour la saisonnalité (x 1 000)
AFSC/RACE/GAP: RACEBASE Database: Cruise Table
The core function of the Resource Assessment and Conservation Engineering (RACE) Division is to conduct quantitative fishery surveys and related ecological and oceanographic research to measure and describe the distribution and abundance of commercially important fish and crab stocks in the eastern Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, Gulf of Alaska, and, historically, the West Coast.The survey data are stored in a database called RACEBASE. It serves as the repository for both raw and summary data collected from the surveys dating from 1953 to present. It does not hold stream data.
Lifeline Telephone Assistance Subscribers
Beginning in 2015, the dataset shows, by Iowa telecommunications carrier, the number of subscribers who received low-income Lifeline assistance for his/her telephone service in the prior year and also indicates the number of subscribers who remain eligible to continue their Lifeline benefits in the current year.
Desconexiones programadas
Desconexiones programadas.
Annual generating capacity by type of electricity generation in New Brunswick / Capacité de production annuelle par type de production d'électricité au Nouveau-Brunswick
Annual generating capacity by type of electricity generation in New Brunswick / Capacité de production annuelle par type de production d'électricité au Nouveau-Brunswick
Densidad de Cultivos de Coca 2019 - Subdirección Estratégica y de Análisis - Ministerio de Justicia y del Derecho
Información relacionada a los archivos cartográficos de la densidad de los cultivos de coca, detectados por el Sistema Integrado de Monitoreo de Cultivos Ilícitos-SIMCI, reportados para el período censal 2019
2017 January to March Building Permit Listing
LISTING OF BUILDING PERMITS FOR NEW CONSTRUCTION, DEMOLITION AND ADDITIONS/ALTERATIONS/REPAIRS AND THEIR CHARACTERISTICS - Before 2009, files capture permits only for basic structural work. From 2009 onward, they also capture permits for plumbing, electrical, etc. This results in higher dollar figures and numbers of permits for Additions, Alterations and Repairs and for New Construction. There is no change in how housing units are counted.
Inventario hídrico del municipio de Bolívar
Este dato contiene la información sobre las cuencas hídricas de diverso nivel de cauce presentes a lo largo del municipio de Bolívar.
pln_max_oop [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_max_oop [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
2017 Racial Profiling Warnings + Field Observations
AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided are for informational use only and may differ from official APD crime data. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
Instancias de Participación Ciudadana de Santiago de Cali
Información detallada de cada una de las instancias y/o espacios de participación ciudadana en santiago de cali por Organismos.
Saludatos - Estimación de los Indicadores para el seguimiento del Talento Humano en Salud THS
Estimación de los Indicadores para el seguimiento del Talento Humano en Salud THS
Childcare Organizations
List of childcare organizations and facilities with company addresses and contact information.    This dataset is updated yearly.
City of Seattle Staff Demographics
This dataset includes all current City of Seattle Employees.
NNDSS - Table II. Tuberculosis
NNDSS - Table II. Tuberculosis - 2019.  This Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying WONDER data. Data on United States will exclude counts from US territories.  Footnote: C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable. -: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Min: Minimum. Max: Maximum.  * Case counts for reporting year 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf  † Data for TB are displayed quarterly.
Case Filed 2016
Total Cases Filed with the Department of City Planning for the Year 2016.
DNR Field Office Locations
Physical DNR field office locations. Data fields include: region; addresses (address1, address 2, address 3); province; postal [code]; county.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH33 B028 POST-9/11 VETERANS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE JAN2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to help servicepersons adjust to civilian life after separation from military service, assist in the recruitment and retention of highly qualified personnel in the active and reserve components in the Armed Forces by providing education benefits, and to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain service members and veterans. Individuals who entered active duty after September 10, 2001 may be eligible for the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Individuals can use the Post-9/11 GI Bill after serving 90 days on active duty (excluding entry level and skill training). Only periods of active duty under title 10 will be used to establish eligibility for the Post 9/11 GI Bill. A high school diploma or equivalency certificate is always required for eligibility. Individuals who are eligible for the Montgomery GI Bill – Active Duty (chapter 30), the Montgomery GI Bill – Selected Reserve (chapter 1606), or the Reserve Educational Assistance Program (REAP) will have to make an irrevocable election to relinquish eligibility under one of those benefit programs to establish eligibility under the Post-9/11 GI Bill. The dependent children of a person who died in the line of duty while serving as a member of the Armed Forces may be eligible to use benefits under the Fry Scholarship provision of the Post-9/11 GI Bill. The spouse and/or child(ren) of a veteran or service member may be eligible for the Post 9/11 GI Bill if the veteran or service member transfers entitlement to those dependents. Eligibility to transfer entitlement to dependents is determined by the Department of Defense. This is not a complete list of eligibility requirements. For more information on the latest changes to the Post-9/11 GI Bill go to the VA web-site.</p>
Proyeccion Poblacion Quimbaya
En este set de datos hacemos una proyeccion de todo el municipio de Quimbaya desde el año 2011 asta el 2020
Streets Data - Pavement Condition Index (PCI) Scores
Pavement Condition Index (PCI) Scores by location.
Administrativos cargo por formación Académica 2018-1
Estadísticas Universidad del Quindio periodo 2018-1
2010 Basic Stand Alone Durable Medical Equipment Line Items PUF
This release contains the Basic Stand Alone (BSA) Durable Medical Equipment (DME) Line Items Public Use Files (PUF) with information from Medicare DME claims. The CMS BSA DME Line Items PUF is a line item level file in which each record is a line item of a DME claim incurred by a 5% sample of Medicare beneficiaries (each claim is comprised of up to 13 line item services). Some demographic and line item related variables are provided in this PUF. However, as beneficiary identities are not provided, it is not possible to link claims that belong to the same beneficiary in the CMS BSA DME Line Items PUF. It is also not possible to link line item services that belong to the same claim.    The CMS BSA DME Line Items PUF originates from a 5% simple random sample of beneficiaries drawn (without replacement) from the 100% Beneficiary Summary File for the reference year. The sample that is used for the CMS BSA DME Line Items PUF is disjoint from the existing 5% CMS research sample in the sense that there is no overlap in terms of the beneficiaries in the CMS BSA DME Line Items PUF and the 5% CMS research sample. It is also disjoint from the other BSA PUFs that have been released so far. This property prevents users from linking data across multiple files for identification purposes.
NOAA - Number of forecast and mission improvements, based on The Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017, to weather applications at operational U.S. weather services and in the U.S. weather commercial sector
Proposed new indicator for FY 2019.  The measure captures the count of significant and discrete NOAA research and development products that have transitioned to application at operational U.S. weather services and in the U.S. weather commercial sector. In addition, these weather products support NOAA contributions to the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017.
Dead, Diseased, and Imminent Hazard Trees
Dead Diseased and Imminent Hazard Permits
CMO Cost Per Capita
MEASURE_VALUE is the total requirements of the County Manager's Office divided by the total County population.
Instituciones Educativas
Instituciones educativas en el municipio de Murillo, ubicadas en el casco urbano y las diferentes veredas.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of August 2018.</p>
Cobertura Televisión Análoga
Dentro de las tablas de cubrimiento se incluyen los municipios a nivel nacional y los respectivos canales en los que se reciben los tres canales públicos: Señal Colombia, Señal Institucional y Canal Uno, asumiendo la presencia en el municipio, con certeza sobre la cabecera.
CASA Data
CASA Related data
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Nitrogen Oxides (NOx, NO2, NO) Hourly Data Halifax
Hourly ambient nitrogen oxides (NOx, NO2, NO) data in parts per billion from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.  This air quality station was established to replace the "Halifax Vogue" air quality monitoring station which ceased monitoring at the end of 2017. The Halifax Vogue station was less than 1 block away from the new "Halifax Johnston" station.
Datos_Básicos_Exámen_de_Mama
Datos básicos resultado de los exámenes de mama realizado a mujeres en el servicio de consulta externa ambulatoria.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS060
Driver Feedback Sign DFS060  Latitude: 53.618216 Longitude: -113.431533  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Income Tax Components by Size of Income by Place of Residence: Beginning Tax Year 1999
The Department of Taxation and Finance annually produces a data (study) file and provides a report of statistical information on New York State personal income tax returns that were timely filed. Timely filing means that the tax return was delivered to the Department on or before the due date of the tax return.  The data are from full-year resident, full-year nonresident, and part-year resident returns. This dataset defines individuals filing a resident tax return as full-year residents and individuals filing a nonresident tax return are defined as either a full- year nonresident or a part-year resident.Data presented in this dataset provide the major income tax structure components by size of income.  The components include income, deductions, dependent exemptions, and tax liability. The data also provides this information by size of income and by the filer’s permanent place of residence (county, state or country).  For a more detailed explanation on the determination of residency and components of income see the attachment: NYSTF_PlaceOfResidence_Introduction.Researchers agree to: Use the data for statistical reporting an analysis only. The author will include a disclaimer that states any analyses, interpretations or conclusions were reached by the author and not the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance.
Educational Attainment
Percent of population 25 and over who have completed some college or more by race/ethnicity and gender in New Orleans and the United States, 1980, 1990, 2000, 2010, 2016
Joint Training Institute (JTI) and Joint Safety Institute (JSI) Financial Data
The ledger of assets, revenues, and accounts for the Joint Safety Institute and the Joint Training Institute.    Financial documents and underlying data relating to City Controller Ron Galperin's audits of two trusts, the Joint Training Institute and the Joint Safety Institute. The two trusts are fully funded by the Department of Water and Power (DWP) and managed by an appointed board made up of equal numbers of representatives from DWP management and from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 18, which represents the majority of workers at the DWP. All information below was compiled by the City's auditors for these two audits.    For more information, visit: https://controllerdata.lacity.org/Audits-and-Reports/Joint-Training-Institute-JTI-and-Joint-Safety-Inst/4i3e-krmq
Delaware Fishing Licenses and Trout Stamps
Total numbers of fishing licenses and trout stamps issued, by year and by residence status.
Registro de Vehiculos Públicos Neiva Huila
Registro de Vehiculos Públicos Neiva Huila
Expenditures: ESD: Clackamas: FY 2014
Expenditures: ESD: Clackamas: FY 2014  Summary of expenditures for Clackamas ESD for Fiscal Year 2014.
STEM: Percent increase in proficiency in math
STEM Program participants who increase proficiency in math  Human Services Agency performance measure 7520P ID 574
Student Enrollment 2011-12 School Year
This file includes enrollment data from 2011-12 school year. Data are disaggregated by school, district, and state levels and include counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs, and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information.
Listado de Establecimientos Comerciales del Municipio de Uribe
Listado de Establecimientos Comerciales del Municipio de Uribe
Road Closures
This dataset includes all recorded road closures by city-parish agencies since January 1, 2015.
Budget - Operating Expenditures
Operating expenditures for FY11 - FY21. Cambridge's fiscal year runs from July 1 to June 30. For more information, please visit: www.cambridgema.gov/budget
Systems Support - Clarity and FRC Databases
Systems Support - Clarity and FRC Databases. HSAIT Measure K Performance
Accidentabilidad Municipio de Guadalajara de Buga Primer Bimestre 2017 / Accidentability Municipality of Guadalajara de Buga First Bimestre 2017
Casos reportados y atendidos por la secretaría de tránsito sobre la accidentabilidad durante el primer bimestre del año 2017 / Cases reported and attended by the traffic secretary on the accident rate during the first two months of 2017
Parks In Salt Lake City List
Parks In Salt Lake City List
Archived 2017 Public Meetings
This data set includes all public meetings posted to the Transparency website by State of Oregon agencies, boards, commissions and ESD's from January 1. 2017 through December 31, 2017. The meetings are sorted by date. For more information: https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/PublicMeetingNotices.aspx
Actividades de Salud 2019-2
Actividades de odontología e imagenología en el periodo 2019-2
USA SPENDING C&P B105 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE APR2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA's determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
pln_cntrct [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_cntrct [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
Cobertura Red Televisión Digital Terrestre Fases I, II, III y IV
cubrimientoTDT,canal,TDT,TV,senal,señal,senalinstitucional,institucional,senalcolombia,colombia,radio,rtvc,sistema,medios,publicos, cubrimiento,canales, regional
Comisaria De Familia Alpujarra
Informe de las actividades realizadas en la Comisaria de Familia desde año 2009
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
Contiene el instrumento de información denominado índice de información clasificada  y reservada establecido por la ley 1712 de 2014 y que todos los sujetos obligados deben elaborar y publicar.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Greenhouse Gas Emissions in Metric Tons by Sector and Sub-category
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of November 2018.</p>
LISTADO PRODUCTORES ATENDIDOS RUAT SEVILLA POR PREDIO
Listado de productores atendidos RUAT, categorizado por predio.
Gabinete de la Administración Departamental Amazonas 2020
Gabinete de la Administración Departamental Amazonas 2020
MEN_NÚMERO_BACHILLERES_POR_ETC
Contiene los datos de los graduados por año, con un histórico desde 2019
Perfil de morbilidad
Refleja las primeras causas de morbilidad presentadas anualmente en los diferentes servicios del hospital
Total SNAP Recipients
Monthly trend statistics on SNAP supplemental nutrition assistance program recipients.
RETIROS SISBEN FEBRERO 2019 MUNICIPIO LOS PATIOS
Retiros de Sisben Febrero 2019 Municipio los Patios
2006 - 2012 Math Test Results - Borough - ELL
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of math for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by borough and English Language Learner status.
Tows
All tows performed on behalf of the Parking Violations Bureau. Call (716) 851-5369 and notify the representative if your car is impounded. Any outstanding tickets under the registered owners name and/or the titled owner must be paid, the vehicle must be registered and insured and all towing and storage charges satisfied in order to obtain a release form. If the police have a hold on the vehicle you will also need written authorization from the Police Department in order to retrieve the vehicle.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of May 2019.</p>
FY2016 MMR Agency Resources
NYC agency resources from the FY16 Mayor's Management Report (MMR), including expenditures (includes all funds), personnel, revenue and paid overtime.  <i>Use ‘CSV for Excel’ when downloading this dataset and then sort in alphabetical order by Agency.<i>
Tacoma Transit Centers
Transit Centers are central, convenient connection points for several different bus routes. Connections are timed so you can usually transfer between bus routes within a short time. Transit centers have well-lit, highly visible shelters, seating, telephones and travel information.  For more information on Tacoma bus service, please visit www.piercetransit.org
ACRIS - State Codes
ACRIS State mapping for Codes in the ACRIS Real and Personal Parties Property Datasets
Tasa De Graduación 150 - Conservatorio de Musica
Tasa de graduación de los programas subgraduados al 150% del tiempo.
SFEC 143 - Requests by Candidates for Independent Determination of Filings - Filings
SFEC Form 143 is used by any candidate for Mayor or the Board of Supervisors.  Candidates seeking the same office as a candidate identified in a communication may object to the Executive Director’s determination of whether a communication reported on filings required under section 1.161, 1.162 or 1.163 actually supports or opposes a candidate or is neutral. Such requests must be filed within one business day from the date the Executive Director makes his or her determination. This dataset includes SFEC Form 143 filings as of March 4, 2020.
Colleges and Universities General Information, Fall 2012
Colorado's Colleges and Universities General Information.
2014 - 15 Guidance Counselor Bill Demographic Data
New York City Department of Education 2014 - 15 Guidance Counselor Bill Demographic Data by school year.
CAPACIDADES NOVIEMBRE  2018
ALUMNOS CON CAPACIDADES EXCEPCIONALES DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER
Customer satisfaction rating of good or better
Customer satisfaction rating of good or better. HSA performance measure 7010P ID 421.
Eviction Notices
Data includes eviction notices filed with the San Francisco Rent Board per San Francisco Administrative Code 37.9(c). A notice of eviction does not necessarily indicate that the tenant was eventually evicted, so the notices below may differ from actual evictions. Notices are published since January 1, 1997.
Spirit Of East Austin Feedback Data
During the 2017 Summer Community Engagement Division visited several organizations and events to hear the needs of the community. Locations were selected on the geographic area of Austin known as the Easter Crescent,
Health_5900P_Cost per HW Complaint_EHS3
Cost per Response to Complaint Involving Hazardous Materials
Incidence Rate Of Leukemia Per 100,000 All States
Incidence Rate Of Leukemia Per 100,000 All States
UCundinamarca - Registro de Activos de Información - Proyectos Especiales y Relaciones Interinstitucionales
Contiene el Registro de Activos de Información de la Universidad de Cundinamarca del proceso de Proyectos Especiales y Relaciones Interinstitucionales.
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2003
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2003
Activos de Información de Colombia
Compilación de los registros de activos de información de las entidades de orden nacional y territorial que hicieron su registro en la herramienta nacional de activos de información, la cual se creó con el fin de consolidar los activos de la nación y dar cumplimiento a una de las actividades del Conpes 3920 de explotación de datos.
Higher Ed Appropriations Dedicated Credits And Other 2004-2016
This data set contains State Funds (appropriations), Dedicated Credits and other funds to higher education from 2003-2016.
Suscriptores con acceso Dedicado a Internet  segun Municipio
Suscriptores con acceso dedicado a Internet  segun municipio
CTA - System Information - Bus Stop Locations in Digital Sign Project
This dataset shows bus stops in shelters and at CTA rail stations which have digital signs added to them to show upcoming arrivals. The listing is subject to change.
Capacidad Hotelera Facatativa
Este conjunto de datos contiene el listado de la capacidad hotelera del municipio de facatativá
Activos de Informacion Alcaldia Municipal de Armero Guayabal
Activos de Informacion Alcaldia Municipal de Armero Guayabal
Summary Bike and Pedestrian Count 2016
Summary data from a bike and pedestrian count done in September, 2016.    Bike and pedestrian count data from 2015 can be found in two other datasets:    Bike and Pedestrian Count 2015  https://data.smcgov.org/Transportation/Bike-and-Pedestrian-Count-2015/qhc8-m593    Bike/Pedestrian Intersection Profile 2015  https://data.smcgov.org/Transportation/Bike-Pedestrian-Intersection-Profile-2015/vgnu-6aqg
Delaware Casino Involuntary Exclusion List
Individuals who are excluded from Delaware Casinos
MASC Crop Yield And Acreage By Variety
This data set shows yield information for various grain crops and their varieties, grouped by risk area and year. This data comes from reports by producers that insure with MASC only. For details on Manitoba risk areas please refer to the attached document to this dataset.
Estudiantes por discapacidad
Consolidación del total de estudiantes matriculados por tipo de discapacidad y semestre para la vigencia 2014.
Tourism Nova Scotia Visitor Exit Survey Outdoor Activities
Non-resident overnight visitors to Nova Scotia are asked if they or others in their travel party participated in specific outdoor activities while visiting the province.
Municipal Fiscal Indicators - 2014
Municipal Fiscal Indicators is an annual compendium of information compiled by the Office of Policy and Management, Intergovernmental Policy Division (IGP), Municipal Finance Services Unit (MFS). The data contained in Indicators provides key financial and demographic information on municipalities in Connecticut. Municipal Fiscal Indicators contains the most current financial data available for each of Connecticut's 169 municipalities. The majority of this data was compiled from the audited financial statements that are filed annually with the State of Connecticut, Office of Policy and Management, IGP Division. This database of information includes selected demographic and economic data relating to, or having an impact upon, a municipality’s financial condition.
Lobbyist Data - Historical - Lobbyist Gift Report - 2010
The lobbyist gift report is part of the Lobbyist Activity Report, a notarized disclosure that lobbyista were required to file twice during 2010 (January 20th and July 20th).    Lobbyists were required to report every gift given to an official or employee of the City by the lobbyist during the reporting period.    Data for the 2010 reporting period is limited because previous policy did not require the Board of Ethics to prioritize the reporting of all data available from paper filings.   Data Owner:  Board of Ethics   [http://j.mp/mbH9BN] /  Time Period: January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010 /  Related Applications:  Registered Lobbyist List [http://j.mp/l8LwAq]
Veterans by Race/Ethnicity by City, 2016
Veterans by Race/Ethnicity by City, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
Chronic Absenteeism
The measurement is percent of children within OUSD who are chronically absent. Chronic absence is defined as an attendance rate of 90% or less (missing 18 or more days in a 180 day school year), regardless of whether the absences are excused or unexcused. It is not the same as Truancy. Alternative Education schools are not included in the data.
[ARCHIVED] Health Statistics Cancer Rates Cancer Rates by Age Group 2003
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports cancer rates by primary site and age group.  Geographies available: county, district health authorities
Comentarios Campaña #SENARindeCuentas
La campaña #SENARindeCuentas tuvo como objetivo conocer la percepción de los ciudadanos con relación a las temáticas para rendición de cuentas del SENA
Lobbyist Data - Gifts
Every gift made by a registered lobbyist during the reporting period to an official or employee of the City.  See http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/ethics/provdrs/lobby.html for more information on the Board of Ethics' role in regulating and reporting on lobbying in Chicago.
Correctional Community Program Daily Population Count By Community Program
CT Department of Correction Community Program Population Count by Date, By Gender
Pedestrian Safety
This Indicator measures the percent of streets that are in the High Injury Network for pedestrians over the five year period 2012-2016. This subset of the High Injury Network includes streets with the highest concentration of severe and fatal pedestrian injuries. The Indicator takes into account the length of each street segment in both the High Injury Network and the overall street network.
2016 Presidential and State Election Results
Cambridge results from the November 8, 2016, election.
ACCIDENTES POR CLASE 1ER SEMESTRE 2019
Cantidad de accidentes por clase del 1er semestre 2019 en el Municipio de Copacabana
Tasa de Mortalidad por Tuberculosis en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2010 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar Tasa de Mortalidad por Tuberculosis en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2010 a 2018,  por Municipio, para las vigencias relacionadas. Numerador: Número de muertes por Tuberculosis. Cubos SISPRO – EEVV- Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social – DANE. Denominador: Población Total. Proyecciones de poblaciones- DANE. Forma de Cálculo: Numerador/Denominador*100.000 .
Registro de Activos de Información - SGC
Registro de activos de información con la identificación de aquellos susceptible de intercambio, de acuerdo con el marco de interoperabilidad del Ministerio TIC y la normatividad existente en materia de transparencia y acceso a la información pública y protección de datos personales, relacionado con el plan de integración de gov.co
En Tic Confío
En TIC confío es la estrategia de promoción de uso responsable de internet y las TIC que Ayuda a la sociedad a desenvolverse e interactuar responsablemente con las TIC, al tiempo que promueve la cero tolerancia con la pornografía infantil y la convivencia digital.
Estados Financieros Abril 2020
Estados Financieros Abril 2020
Dakingari Market Grain Prices
Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics in Abuja, Nigeria on monthly prices for select markets in Kebbi State, Nigeria for January 2000 to December 2016.
Asotin County Library Missing Items from Clarkston Branch
This dataset lists missing books, DVDs and other items at the Asotin County Library District’s main branch in Clarkston, Washington. These items aren’t checked out by a patron but can’t be located on the shelf. The data is generated by the Koha software used to track the library collection. For more information about missing items, see our Frequently Asked Questions.
List of SNB Service Centres /  Liste des Centres de Services de SNB
List of SNB service centres / Liste des centres de services de SNB.
Licensed Pets
All cats and dogs over three months of age and residing in Calgary must be licensed with The City of Calgary. If you do not license your cat or dog, you could face a $250 fine. For more information visit: http://www.calgary.ca/CSPS/ABS/Pages/Animal-Services/Licensing-cat-dog.aspx
Labor Force Participation
This Indicator measures the percent of the population aged 16 and older who are neither working nor looking for work. Employed individuals, unemployed individuals who are looking for work and individuals in the armed forces are not included in this measure.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of February 2019.</p>
FY2018 F65 Village
F-65 Data Summary Villages 2018
Agency Service Requests
Publish DPS Agency Service Requests Data on Open Data web site    Update Frequency:  Daily
CorStat - Total Private Only Jobs
Total number of private only jobs that reside in Corona, CA. Data provided by a report from the City of Corona Economic Development team. <br>  <b>Update Frequency:</b> Yearly<br>  <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Annual Air Quality Index (AQI) from 2011 to 2015
Annual AQI data for Fulton county and benchmark counties. The number of days under each AQI air quality condition for each year is summarized.
Matríz de predios - estratégica ambiental
Matriz de los predios que presentan la importancia estratégica ambiental del Municipio De Monterrey Casanare.
Strategic Measure_High Frequency Transit Route Street Conditions
This table contains data that describes the condition of streets maintained by the City of Austin Public Works Department that host Cap Metro high frequency transit routes as of FY2019.  The data in this dataset is a subset of the larger street conditions dataset also posted in the open data portal  Condition data is gathered by a contacted vendor, who drives the streets using a specially equipped vehicle that records the data used to determine street condition. The vendor drives every lane of every street in the city, covering one-third to one-half of the city every year. Street condition is then classified as excellent, good, fair, poor, or failed based on national street engineering standards.  This table contains data for the most recent set of assessment data. Year-to-year performance is reported using another table that contains aggregated values calculated using the method described above. Private streets and streets maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation are excluded from reporting and this data set, since maintenance of those roadways is the responsibility of those parties.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Street-Conditions-High-Frequency-Transit-Routes/kqvg-gud8/
Boiler Permits
This data set pertains to all permits to operate boilers. Data includes details on application/permit numbers, job addresses, supervisorial districts, and the current status of the applications. Data is uploaded weekly by DBI. Users can access permit information online through DBI’s Permit Tracking System which is 24/7 at www.sfdbi.org/dbipts.
Coronary heart disease death rates, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Age-adjusted rate of deaths due to coronary heart disease per 100,000 population.      Definition: deaths with coronary heart disease as the underlying cause (ICD-10 codes: I11, I20-I25).    Data Sources:      (1)  Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    (2) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development.
Zip Codes
Zipcode polygons throughout Pierce County.  Data was acquired from Zip+4 Address Information System, and then adjusted to ensure parcels fell in their correct zipcode.  This data should be cross-referenced with the USPS for the most current street and site address changes.  Please see metadata for additional information(https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_zip_codes.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
RR Submission Version Data C(December 2012)
This table contains all the column names and their descriptions for the RR_SUBMISSION_VERSION_DATA_C CSV. This CSV contains the Table C data contained in each submitted Part 1 Rate Summary Form.
Registered Political Candidates, Committees and Entities in Iowa
The dataset contains address lists for registered candidates, committees, and other entities that file with the Iowa Ethics & Campaign Disclosure Board.
City of Colfax: Vendor Log February 16th, 2016
This dataset entails Accounts Payable activity between February 2nd and 16th.
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 28 DE FEBRERO 2019
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 28 DE FEBRERO 2019 AGENCIA NACIONAL DE INFRAESTRUCTURA
Índice de información clasificada y reservada
Inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por la Contraloría General del Municipio de Manizales, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Esquema de publicación de Información - Fiscalía General de la Nación
El Esquema de publicación de información es el instrumento del que dispone la entidad para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3 de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma. Fue actualizado mediante Resolución DPD 010 del 02 de diciembre de 2019.
INSCRITOS POR PROGRAMA 2018-2
Programas a los que se inscribieron los estudiantes en el periodo 2018-2
Pilot Pharmaceutical Take-Back Program Medication Collection Boxes
The Pilot Pharmaceutical Take-Back Program covers the costs of consumer drug collection boxes and disposal for two years, and gives pharmacies a safe, convenient, and effective way to keep drugs out of our waters and out of the wrong hands.  Addresses of participating pharmacies, hospitals, and long-term care facilities participating in the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation’s Pilot Pharmaceutical Take-Back Program with medication collection boxes. Medication collection boxes only collect solid state controlled and non-controlled substances. Medication collection boxes do not accept sharps, liquids, personal care products, etc.
Authorized Drone Uses
The City & County of San Francisco has authorized 5 departments to use Unmanned Aircraft Systems (a.k.a. drones) in support of City operations. The authorized departments include: the Controller’s Office, Fire Department, Public Utilities Commission, Port, and the Recreation and Parks Department.  The Authorized Drone Uses dataset describes the business case each department will employ drones for, and the privacy and public safety protections they will put in place. This data set will be re-evaluated on an annual basis and approved by the Drone Oversight Committee and Committee on Information Technology (COIT). For the policy document see http://sfcoit.org/coit-policies
Transparency – Utah Local Government Revenue 2017
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
Maryland Ozone Exceedance Days in 2006
Maryland 8-Hour Ozone Concentrations Exceeding 2008 Health-Based Standard in ppb, Finalized Data.  In 2008 EPA set the ozone standard to 75 ppb.  High levels of ozone can cause health effects including increased asthma attacks and other respiratory effects.  You can get more information about the health effects at http://www.epa.gov/air/ozonepollution/.  This data set details which monitoring locations in Maryland exceeded the standard during the year and the maximum concentrations on the dates the standard was exceeded.  More information on Maryland's air quality monitoring is available at http://www.mde.state.md.us/programs/Air/AirQualityMonitoring/Pages/index.aspx.
2017 Public Data File Parents
2017 NYC School Survey parent data for all schools;  Each year, all parents, teachers, and students in grades 6-12 take the NYC School Survey. The survey is aligned to the DOE's Framework for Great Schools. It is designed to collect important information about each school's ability to support student success. To understand the perceptions of families, students, and teachers regarding their school.  School leaders use feedback from the survey to reflect and make improvements to schools and programs. Also, results from the survey used to help measure school quality.
IPS Municipio de Chía Actuales
IPS que se encuentran actualmente registradas en el municipio de Chía
USA SPENDING CH39 B106 SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING FOR DISABLED VETERANS MAY2019
<p>VBA SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAMS. The Specially Adapted Housing (SAH) grant program helps Veterans with certain service-connected disabilities live independently in a barrier-free environment. SAH grants can be used in one of the following ways: (1) construct a suitable home on suitable land either already owned or to be acquired by the veteran, or (2) remodel an existing home if it can be suitably adapted, or (3) acquire a suitably adapted home or reduce the outstanding mortgage on a suitably adapted home already owned by the veteran. b. The Special Housing Adaptation (SHA) grant program helps veterans with certain service-connected disabilities adapt or purchase a home to accommodate the disability. SHA grants can be used in one of the following ways: (1) adapt an existing home the veteran or a family member already owns in which the veteran lives; (2) adapt a home the veteran or family member intends to purchase in which the veteran will live; (3) help a veteran purchase a home already adapted in which the veteran will live. c. . The Temporary Residence Adaptations (TRA) program provides adaptation assistance to veterans who are residing, but do not intend to permanently reside, in the a residence owned by a family member. If a veteran is otherwise eligible for SAH or SHA, the assistance is limited. d. SAH and SHA grants may be used up to three times, as long as the aggregate grant amount does not exceed the statutory dollar limitation. TRA grants may only be used once (and count as a grant usage for purposes of the limit of three), and the amount of assistance provided will be subtracted from the veteran's available statutory maximum.</p>
2014 - 2015 School Quality Report Results for High School Transfer
New York City Department of Education 2014 - 2015 School Quality Report for High School Transfer. The Quality Review is a process that evaluates how well schools are organized to support student learning and teacher practice. It was developed to assist New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) schools in raising student achievement by looking behind a school’s performance statistics to ensure that the school is engaged in effective methods of accelerating student learning.
FLPD Employee Info
Fort Lauderdale Police Department Employee Statistics
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of February 2019.</p>
DHS Data Dashboard
This dataset displays demographics for the families and individuals residing in the Department of Homeless Services (DHS) shelter system.
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales by Neighborhood Citywide by Borough
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of neighborhood sales for Tax Class 1, 2 and 3 Family homes.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS186
Driver Feedback Sign DFS186    Latitude: 53.476447  Longitude: -113.533269    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Capital Project Funding
A list of all capital projects budgeted for the biennium, including yearly budget amounts and funding sources.
DIRECTORIO DE FUNCIONARIOS
DIRECTORIO DE FUNCIONARIOS ALCALDÍA MUNICIPIO DE JENESANO
EMS - Annual Report Expenses by Program
This table shows ATCEMS expenses by program by fiscal year. It has been uploaded to support the ATCEMS annual report.
NNDSS - Table II. Chlamydia trachomatis infection to Coccidioidomycosis
NNDSS - Table II. Chlamydia trachomatis infection to Coccidioidomycosis - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states or territory.    Note:    This table contains provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html     Footnotes:    C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA:  Not Available.  NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.
Census - Marital Status
The marital status of people living in neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city
NYC Colleges And Universities
locations and names of Colleges in NYC
BRFSS Prevalence And Trends Data: Health Care Access/Coverage for 2011
The 2011 BRFSS data reflects a change in weighting methodology (raking) and the addition of cell phone only respondents. Shifts in observed prevalence from 2010 to 2011 for BRFSS measures will likely reflect the new methods of measuring risk factors, rather than true trends in risk-factor prevalence. A break in trend lines after 2010 is used to reflect this change in methodolgy. Percentages are weighted to population characteristics. Data are not available if it did not meet BRFSS stability requirements. For more information on these requirements, as well as risk factors and calculated variables, see the Technical Documents and Survey Data for a specific year - http://www.cdc.gov/brfss/annual_data/annual_data.htm. Recommended citation: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System. Atlanta, Georgia: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, [appropriate year].
ASPIRANTES A BECAS DE FORMACIÓN DE ALTO NIVEL PARA LAS REGIONES 2016
Información sobre profesionales inscritos en las diferentes convocatorias de formación de recurso humano de alto nivel para fortalecer capacidades en Ciencia, Tecnología e Innovación en las regiones año 216
Central Business District Cordon Count 2015
Every year in May, The City conducts the Central Business District (CBD) cordon count. The cordon count is performed at 31 locations around the CBD over a three week time period, collecting data on how people travel into and out of downtown Calgary. The CBD cordon circles the downtown with the Bow River to the north and the railway tracks to the south and from 11 Street in the west to the Elbow River in the east. For additional information on cordon counts, see <a href="http://www.calgary.ca/Transportation/TP/Pages/Planning/Transportation-Data/Central-Business-District-Cordon-Count.aspx">Central Business District Cordon Count</a>.
HOTELES Y RESTAURANTES
hoteles y restaurantes de campo de la cruz atlántico
Proposed FY18 Budget
Proposed City Budget for Fiscal Year 2018
E. P. S REGIMEN SUBSIADO MUNICIPIO DE PONEDERA
Entidades Promotoras de Salud del Régimen Subsidiado, Municipio de Ponedera.
PBJ Daily Non-Nurse Staffing CY 2019 Q3
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility
Registro de activos de informacion RAI Corpochivor
Contiene el registro de activos de informacion de CORPOCHIVOR
Health_6140P_% of Adult Inpatients Receiving FollowupVisits Within 7 Days_MHA2
Percent of Adults who Attend a Follow-Up Visit with a Clinical Provider within 7 Days of Being Discharged from a Psychiatric Hospital
Choose Maryland:  Compare States - Workforce
Workforce summary - employed, unemployed, participation rates, STEM employment.
TWWG LRT Ridership
Over the past 10 years, LRT boardings have grown by 132.5%. The City aims to continue its expansion of the LRT network. The Southeast to West LRT (Valley Line) is a low-floor urban line that will run from Mill Woods to Lewis Farms, crossing through downtown.
Casos Reportados de Violencia Intrafamiliar
Son los reportes hechos a la comisaria de familia sobre eventos de violencia intrafamiliar en el municipio
2017 R2R Dataset
A dataset of APD Response to Resistance instances which occurred in 2017. AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided is for informational use only and is not considered official APD crime data as in official Texas DPS or FBI crime reports. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
Essential and Non-Essential Business Categories in Delaware during Coronavirus Closure
A list of businesses deemed essential and non-essential during the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak in Delaware. Non-essential businesses were closed on March 24, 2020 at 8am by order from the Governor. Certain business categories are allowed to re-open by Governor's announcements. Data from Division of Small Business.
Población estudiantil posgrado por semestre y/o trimestre 2018-2
Población estudiantil posgrado por semestre y/o trimestre 2018-2
EPark Event Parking Schedule
This dataset contains the current and historic record of days/nights when the EPark Event Parking rates were scheduled and any corresponding messaging that may accompany these instances.
Performance Ranges By Building Type 2016
Summary energy and building characteristics by building type for non-residential and multifamily buildings 20,000 square feet or greater that benchmark energy data with the City of Seattle. This dataset summarizes information from the full 2016 Building Energy Benchmarking dataset but exludes likely or known errors.
Emergency Communications Center (ECC) Calls
Data Description: Emergency Communications Center Calls are records captured for each call. The call data does not contain the nature of the emergency or dispatched resources. For dispatch data reference Police Calls for Service (CAD) or Cincinnati Fire Incidents (CAD).  Data Creation: This dataset includes both emergency (911) and administrative calls to the center. To obtain just emergency (911) calls filter for Call Type ID = 911 CALLS.  Data Created By: The source of this data is the City of Cincinnati's Call System provided by West Communications.  Refresh Frequency: This dataset updates weekly on Fridays.  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/snnn-n6ic  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
Reimbursement Agreement Areas
The purpose of the latecomers agreement as stated in Chapter 13.10 is to allow the County, pursuant to Chapter 35.91 RCW, to enter into Latecomers Agreements with a developer of real property for the installation of public sanitary sewer facilities. It is entirely within the County's sole discretion whether it elects to enter into Latecomers Agreements. In order for the County to execute a Latecomers Agreement, the County must be convinced that the eligibility requirements set forth in PCC 13.10.030 have been met and it is in the best interest of the County to enter into such an agreement so that the benefit to the County outweighs the cost to the County in entering into an agreement.   Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbsewr_reimbursement_agreement_areas.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use(https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
SALT LAKE CITY - POLICE CASES 2008
POLICE CASES
2013 Signed Bills
A comprehensive list of all bills signed by Governor Hickenlooper from the 2013 Legislative Session.
Part D Prescriber State Summary Report, Calendar Year 2015
The Part D Prescriber State Summary Report, Calendar Year 2015 provides information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP).  The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name.  For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost.  The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.
Commute Transportation Type
Data on manner of commute- drive alone, carpool, public transportation, walk, etc. Excerpted from DP03 American Community Survey 1 Year Estimates
CALIDAD DE AGUA  NOV 2019
CALIDAD DE AGUA  NOV 2019
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a FEBRERO de 2013
Reportes Financieros con corte a 28 de Febrerode 2013 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Juntas de Acción Comunal
Listado de Juntas de Acción Comunal con sus representantes
SOS Timeline - 1800s
State of Salmon report timeline of the 1800s
2010 Census Blocks
2010 Census Block polygons for all of Pierce County, realigned to Pierce County roads, parcels, hydro, railroads, powerlines, etc. Population figures for race, ethnicity, median age, household size, household count, etc were downloaded from the US Census website and joined to this layer. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_census2010_blocks.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Historical IDA Income Statements Data
This dataset contains Income Statement data from IDA’s published financial statements It was compiled from data in our systems as well as by extracting the data from the published Financial Statements documents. The dataset goes as far back as the foundation of the association (1961). This data has been verified and validated for publication, but does not, in any capacity, replace the official published Financial Statements. An archive for IDA’s annual Financial Statements is available at www.worldbank.org/financialresults
AmeriCorps NCCC Member Hometowns With Cities
AmeriCorps members from all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories have been called to communities impacted. These AmeriCorps members make up CNCS’s elite, specialty-trained disaster response crews. Their service includes volunteer and donation management, disaster survivor assistance, operations and logistics, damage assessments, muck and gut operations, and more.
River Levels and Flows
Data provided through this web app is provisional and preliminary in nature. Data is automatically generated by remote equipment that may not be under control of the Government of Alberta. This data has not been reviewed or edited for accuracy and may be subject to significant change when reviewed or corrected. Please exercise caution and carefully consider the provisional nature of the information provided. The Government of Alberta assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of this data and any use of it is therefore entirely at your own risk.
2010 Payor Service Category
Table Details  Region: New York City  Source: Hospital Admissions/SPARCS (Detailed) (2010): NYS Dept. of Health  Category: NYC Residents, Any Hospital  Count: Persons  Columns: Service Category  Rows: Payor
Angler Expenditure Data 2006
Marine recreational fishing is a popular pastime across the United States that generates significant economic impacts to both local economies and to the nation. In this survey, the level of fishing expenditures for anglers was quantified within each coastal state and the U.S. as a whole. The primary objectives of the national expenditure surveys are to collect trip expenditures for an angler’s most recent marine recreational fishing trip and to collect annual expenditures on durable goods used for marine recreational fishing. Additional objectives include obtaining a profile of the most recent marine recreational fishing trip and collecting demographic information on marine recreational anglers.
EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates per Zip Code
American Community Survey data on school/education level attainment per zip code for the Bronx for the survey period of 2007-2011
Escuela Municipal de Artes y Oficios instituto municipal de cultura y turismo Bucaramanga - 2018
Caracterización de la población beneficiaria y participante de la Escuela de artes y oficios desagregado por disciplinas,  curso de vida, EPS y rol del estudiante
Graduation Outcomes - School Level - Classes 2010-2011 - Regents-based Math/ELA APM - Ethnicity
Latest available data and trends in NYSED's Regents-based Aspirational Performance Measure (APM) by school and Ethnicity.
Charges
This data set features DCA-issued charges during the last and current calendar years to ensure compliance with local consumer protection and licensing laws, and State and federal regulations.
Calls for Service 2013
This dataset reflects incidents that have been reported to the New Orleans Police Department in 2013. Data is provided by Orleans Parish Communication District (OPCD), the administrative office of 9-1-1 for the City of New Orleans. In the OPCD system, NOPD may reclassify or change the signal type for up to 36 hours after the incident is marked up. For information about an incident after this time period, citizens may request police reports from the NOPD Public Records Division.  In order to protect the privacy of victims, addresses are shown at the block level and the call types cruelty to juveniles, juvenile attachment and missing juvenile have been removed in accordance with the Louisiana Public Records Act, L.R.S. 44:1.  Map coordinates (X,Y) have been removed for the following call types: Aggravated Rape, Aggravated Rape - MA, Crime Against Nature, Mental Patient, Oral Sexual Battery, Prostitution, Sexual Battery, Simple Rape, Simple Rape - Male V, and Soliciting for Prost.Disclaimer: These incidents may be based upon preliminary information supplied to the Police Department by the reporting parties that have not been verified. The preliminary crime classifications may be changed at a later date based upon additional investigation and there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. Therefore, the New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information and the information should not be used for comparison purposes over time. The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
WQ Permit Fee Rulemaking 2015
Public comment open September 15, 2015 through October 15, 2015.
CONTRATACION MARZO 2018
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de marzo de 2018 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloria General de Antioquia.
Economic Development Projects - Not Proceeding
This dataset includes information on economic development projects that were awarded incentives through Iowa Economic Development Authority programs as early as FY 2003, but selected not to move forward in receiving funding.  This doesn’t necessarily mean that the project didn’t or won't take place.  Projects include those whose awards were declined, rescinded or terminated.
Juntas de Acción Comunal Risaralda diciembre 2016
Juntas de Acción Comunal -Risaralda
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Head Start Centers – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2017-2018
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><br>  <b>A detailed list of TDA Food and Nutrition datasets and data fields available on the Texas Open Data Portal can be downloaded as a PDF <a href=https://www.squaremeals.org/Portals/8/files/PIR/TDA%20Food%20and%20Nutrition%20Data%20Fields%20and%20Definitions.pdf target="_blank">here</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b> meal reimbursement for CACFP participating as Head Start centers for program year 2017-2018.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  <b> This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites participating as Head Start centers.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, Child Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care Centers, emergency shelters, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  An overview of <b>all CACFP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/iekx-7mdi target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Child and Adult Care Food Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>   <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Dallas365 Strategic Priority Status FY1718
This controls the dashboard at the top of the Dallas 365 page.
2007 - 2011 School Progress Report Multi-year
Progress Reports grade each school with an A, B, C, D, or F.  These reports focus on a school's learning environment, student performance, and student progress.  They were designed to help parents, teachers, principals, and others understand how well schools are doing—and compare them to other, similar schools.
City of Calgary Careers
*Please note that the source for this dataset is broken and not updating at the current moment.*  This dataset contains the job opportunities with The City of Calgary. City of Calgary employees operate the facilities, deliver the services and run the programs that support our city. Our corporate vision is “working together to create and sustain a vibrant, healthy, safe and caring community.” If you have a passion for public service and want to make a difference in the lives of all Calgarians, consider coming to work with us.
Public Design Commission Annual Report
List of projects that were submitted to and reviewed by the Public Design Commission on an annual basis.
Hot Spring Features Utah
This resource is a compilation of thermal springs feature observation data, including temperature, provided by the Utah Geological Survey. This resource was provided by the Utah Geological Survey and made available for distribution through the National Geothermal Data System.
USA SPENDING LGY B118 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS OCT2018
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located</p>
2016 Central Line-Associated Bloodstream Infections (CLABSI) Table – Acute Care Hospitals (Updated Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report CLABSIs from adult, pediatric, and neonatal intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, and medical/surgical wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html.
Southeast Expenditure I5 Data 1999
Intercept data collected from anglers at fishing sites as an economic add-on to the Marine Recreational Fisheries Statistical Survey (MRFSS) for the Southeast. 	 A series of expenditure surveys have been done both regionally and nationally. Expenditures on trips by mode (for-hire, private boat, and shore) were collected for both residents and non-residents of each state, and annual expenditures on durable goods were collected by resident status. Expenditures were collected both as an add-on to the intercept, and a followup phone survey with those who completed the intercept and a separate random sample of households.
NNDSS - Table I. infrequently reported notifiable diseases
NNDSS - Table I. infrequently reported notifiable diseases - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected infrequently reported notifiable diseases (<1,000 cases reported during the preceding year) are displayed.  This tables excludes U.S. territories.  Notice:  The case counts for Haemophilus influenzae, invasive disease Nontypeable" and "Non-b serotype" were switched for 2018 weeks 1-52.  Note: These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistic web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnote: —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA: Not available. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.   * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.    † This table does not include cases from the U.S. territories.   § Calculated by summing the incidence counts for the current week, the 2 weeks preceding the current week, and the 2 weeks following the current week, for a total of 5 preceding years. Additional information is available at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/5yearweeklyaverage.pdf.  ¶ Not reportable in all jurisdictions. Data from states where the condition is not reportable are excluded from this table, except for the arboviral diseases and influenza-associated pediatric mortality. Reporting exceptions are available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/downloads.html.  ** Please refer to the CDC WONDER for weekly updates to the footnote for this condition.     †† Please refer to the CDC WONDER for weekly updates to the footnote for this condition.    §§ Novel influenza A virus infections are human infections with influenza A viruses that are different from currently circulating human seasonal influenza viruses. With the exception of one avian lineage influenza A (H7N2) virus, all novel influenza A virus infections reported to CDC since 2013 have been variant influenza viruses.  ¶¶ Prior to 2018, cases of paratyphoid fever were included with salmonellosis cases (see Table II).   *** Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers'. NNDSS was updated beginning in 2015 to receive data for each of the viral hemorrhagic fevers listed.
Citizen Connect Variables for Riverside & Coachella Valley - Cities
City Data for Social Change Platform indicators across 10 Policy Areas
WIC Program Administrative Costs By State 2010-2014
WIC Program Administrative Costs By State 2010-2014
State and Local Sales Tax Distributions:  Beginning  Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 1995
The Department of Taxation and Finance administers the statewide New York State general retail sales and compensating use tax, as well as any general retail sales and compensating use tax imposed by a county or municipality in New York State. In addition, the Department administers any taxes imposed on consumer utilities services and other special taxes on selected commodities and services by municipalities and city school districts. This data set presents information on the yearly amount of the distribution of these taxes back to the appropriate taxing jurisdictions from fiscal years ended March 31, 1995.
HIOSH Consultation Staffing Benchmark
Displays the number of 4 positions that are filled, which is required by federal law.
2014-2015 School Closure Discharge Reporting - Discharge Code
In June 2015, 18 New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2014-2015 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043
Indicadores de laboratorio por la E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque del segundo trimestre del 2020
Indicadores de laboratorio por la E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque del segundo trimestre del 2020
2013 Ambulatory Surgery Procedures State-Level Patient  Demographics
Summary statistics  for gender, age, source of admission, discharge status, primary payer and local health district of patient residence of patients who had a reportable ambulatory surgical procedure.For state-level ambulatory reportable procedures, please see https://opendata.utah.gov/Health/2013-Utah-State-Level-Ambulatory-Surgery-Procedure/upk4-zczr.  For facility-level information, please visit: http://health.utah.gov/hda/report/outpatient.php
Register of ACT Veterinary Premises
This dataset contains the current register of ACT Veterinary Premises  Details about registration process is found at https://www.cityservices.act.gov.au/pets-and-wildlife/veterinary-practitioners-board/veterinary-premises-registration
Registro de activos de información - MinSalud
Registro de activos de información - MinSalud
Daily PM10 Pollution Emissions Utah 2008
Available State-wide annual daily inventories of air pollutant emissions (PM10) are summarized in this data set. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Affordable Housing Monitoring Data
Housing and Community Investment Department's (HCID) monitoring data from 2014. HCID’s inventory does not include all of the affordable units administered by the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles (HACLA) - HACLA’s portfolio includes 79,379 units, which consist of Public Housing Units, Housing Choice Vouchers, Project Based Section 8 properties and other housing assistance program units. Source: HACLA’s 2016 Final Agency Plan.
Energy and Water Data Disclosure for Local Law 84 2013 (Data for Calendar Year 2012)
On September 25, 2013, New York City released the 2012 energy and water use data for all properties required to annually benchmark under Local Law 84. New York City is the first in the nation to publicly disclose data for large multifamily buildings. Approximately a million New Yorkers can now see how much energy and water their apartment buildings consumed in 2012.    The new data set includes more than 9,000 self-reported multifamily properties, effectively more than tripling the size of the first year's list. The data also represents the first year's results of both manual and automatic water benchmarking, with more than 6,800 properties reporting water data.
FESTIVIDADES DEL MUNICIPIO DE LA JAGUA DE IBIRICO
Listado de los diferentes festivales en el Municipio de la Jagua Ibirico y corregimientos
Mono County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Mono County.
Midday Trips
List of daily field trip destinations for a month along with number of trips and number of vehicles.
PRESUPUESTO DE GASTOS DE FUNCIONAMIENTO CONTRALORIA DISTRITAL DE BUENAVENTURA VIGENCIA 2018
PRESUPUESTO DE LA CONTRALORIA DISTRITAL DE BUENAVENTURA VIGENCIA 2018
Listado de trámites inscritos en el Sistema Único de Información de Trámites Gobernación de Putumayo
En este conjunto de datos encontrara información detallada de los trámites que la Gobernación de Putumayo tiene inscritos en el Suit
2017 Green Taxi Trip Data
This dataset includes trip records from all trips completed in green taxis in NYC in 2017. Records include fields capturing pick-up and drop-off dates/times, pick-up and drop-off locations, trip distances, itemized fares, rate types, payment types, and driver-reported passenger counts. The data used in the attached datasets were collected and provided to the NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) by technology providers authorized under the Livery Passenger Enhancement Program (LPEP). The trip data was not created by the TLC, and TLC makes no representations as to the accuracy of these data.
Strategic Measure_HE.F.1_Percentage or residents experiencing food insecurity
Row level data shows projected 2020 food insecurity rates by census tract as estimated by Feeding America, Map the Meal Gap.    View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/jnf4-hkma
Informe movilización animal - Armero Guayabal
Informe de Movilización animal del municipio de Armero Guayabal con vigencia 2018
Strategic Measure_Number and percentage of creative-sector professionals who indicated they benefited from a City-sponsored professional development opportunity, CLL.B.4
This dataset supports measure CLL.B.4 of SD23 and provides the number and percentage of creative-sector professionals who indicated they benefited from a City-sponsored professional development opportunity.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/rzxy-tiqz
Institutional Provider Network Data: 2019 Quarter 2
The Institutional Provider Network Data displays information on health facilities and ancillary service providers (for example: hospitals, labs, home care agencies) participating in health plan networks from April through June, 2019. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by the Department of Health, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans. For more information, please visit: https://pndslookup.health.ny.gov.
ESRD QIP - Clinical Depression Screening and Follow-up - Payment Year 2020
This dataset includes facility details, measure score, and the state and national average measure scores for the clinical depression screening and follow up reporting measure included in the PY 2020 ESRD QIP.
FY2017 MCPS Operating Budget
FY2017 MCPS Operating Budget
Proyectos Radicados BPID Magdalena 2019
Listado de proyectos radicados en el Banco de Proyectos del Magdalena, año 2019
C-7, Tax Credits Allowed All Corporations
This dataset contains corporate tax statistics based on corporate tax returns (C and S Corporations).
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS188
Driver Feedback Sign DFS188    Latitude: 53.60689  Longitude: -113.47176    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of November 2018.</p>
2010 - 2011 Graduation Outcomes - School Level - Classes - Regents-based Math/ELA APM - SWD
Latest available data and trends in NYSED's Regents-based Aspirational Performance Measure (APM) by school and disability status
Currently Registered Architects
Architects listed below need to be licensed, registered or accredited to work in the ACT. The list below is updated on a daily basis to reflect changes to the number of architects licensed or registered.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of February 2019.</p>
Datasets Freshness Report
The Datasets Freshness Report provides useful information about how up to date the public datasets on the platform are. The 'Is Data Up to Date' column indicates whether the dataset has been refreshed as frequently as required.
Límites del Municipio de Anzoátegui
Los límites, metros sobre el nivel del mar y extensiones del casco urbano y zona rural del Municipio de Anzoátegui.
U.S. Life Expectancy at Birth by State and Census Tract - 2010-2015
This dataset includes estimates of U.S. life expectancy at birth by state and census tract for the period 2010-2015 (1). Estimates were produced for 65,662 census tracts, covering the District of Columbia (D.C.) and all states, excluding Maine and Wisconsin, representing 88.7% of all U.S. census tracts (see notes).  These estimates are the result of the collaborative project, “U.S. Small-area Life Expectancy Estimates Project (USALEEP),” between the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS), the National Association for Public Health Statistics and Information Systems (NAPHSIS), and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) (2).
Health Insurance by Age, 2016
Health Insurance by Age, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B27001.
ANM Plan Anual de Adquisiciones Vigente
Actualización y/o Modificación Vigente al Plan Anual de Adquisiciones de la ANM, conforme al formato SECOP II
Austin Water - Commercial Water Consumption
Monthly commercial water consumption by zip code and  customer class.
2013-14 Discharge Reporting for Students with Disabilities - HS
Local Law 42, enacted in 2011, requires the New York City Department of Education (DOE) to report to the New York City Council by June 30, 2014 the num ber of students in grades 9 through 12 who were discharged, transferred, or graduated during the 2013-14 school year. This document summarizes and explains reported data for all students by transfer and discharges in grades 9 - 12. This law requires the reporting of discharges and graduations that occur during one school year.
Gonorrhea
Basic Metadata Gonorrhea Incidence. *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Lead Testing in School Drinking Water Buildings with Lead-Free Plumbing: Compliance Year 2016
List of buildings for each NYS public school and Boards of Cooperative Educational Services (BOCES) reported as being lead-free for Compliance Year 2016. Schools are not required to test lead-free buildings for lead in drinking water.  The definition of a lead-free building is any school building with internal plumbing that meets the new definition of "Lead Free," as defined in section 1417 of the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act. A building can be deemed lead-free if (1) it was built after January 4, 2014, or (2) a NYS licensed professional engineer or architect certifies the building's internal plumping is lead-free. School districts and BOCES are required to report the presence of lead-free buildings for each compliance year to parents, the NYS Department of Health, NY State Education Department, and local health departments. For more information see: http://www.health.ny.gov/environmental/water/drinking/lead/lead_testing_of_school_drinking_water.htm
UI Initial Claims 2009 To Present
Initial claims initiate a determination of eligibility to begin a claimant's benefit year (new claims) or subsequent period of unemployment (additional claims) within the benefit year.
2015-2016 Discharge Reporting School Level - MS
This report provides data regarding students enrolled in New York City schools during the 2015-2016 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/042. At the citywide, borough and district levels, the DOE is required to report discharge, transfer and graduation counts by grade level (middle school only), cohort (high school only) and disability status. At the school level, the DOE is required to report discharge and transfer counts by grade level (middle school only), cohort (high school only), disability status broken down by, age as of 12/31 of the previous calendar year age, race/ethnicity, and gender.
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2011
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2011
4th Ward Alderman Applicants - 2016
Applicants to the 4th Ward Alderman vacancy in 2016 with links to applications.
Room Occupancy Tax By Month Statewide
Total Room Occupancy Tax
Plan Anual De Adquisiciones 2019
Plan Anual De Adquisiciones 2019
Archived 2014 Oregon Public Meetings
This data set includes all public meetings that were posted to the Transparency website by State of Oregon agencies, boards, commissions and ESD's from January 1. 2014 through December 31, 2014. The meetings are sorted by date.
New York City Seasonally Adjusted Employment
This dataset contains seasonally adjusted employment data for New York City.  Data is reported at the industry level (in units of thousands) and aggregated to total nonfarm and total private levels.  Updates are posted after the not-seasonally-adjusted data is published by the NYS Department of Labor – typically monthly but with irregularities due to annual benchmark revisions.
Medicare Spending Per Beneficiary – Hospital Additional Decimal Places
The Medicare Spending Per Beneficiary (MSPB) Measure shows whether Medicare spends more, less, or about the same for an episode of care (“episode”) at a specific hospital compared to all hospitals nationally. An MSPB episode includes Medicare Part A and Part B payments for services provided by hospitals and other healthcare providers the 3 days prior to, during, and 30 days following a patient’s inpatient stay. This measure evaluates hospitals’ costs compared to the costs of the national median (or midpoint) hospital. This measure takes into account important factors like patient age and health status (risk adjustment) and geographic payment differences (payment-standardization). The data displayed here are identical to the data displayed in the “Medicare Spending per Beneficiary” file, except that this file displays hospitals’ measure values out to six decimal places instead of two decimal places.
índice de información HRD
Indice de información clasificada y reservada
Smart Start 2016-17 By Town ( Sept)
Connecticut OEC Funded Smart  Start spaces for Preschool age children by town and space type. 2016-17 Program Year.
COVID-19 testing by pop-up testing sites
The dataset summarizes the number of COVID-19 tests completed by pop-up testing sites in the county. Each ‘test’ or ‘testing incident’ represents at least one specimen tested per person, per day. This does not represent the number of individuals tested, as some people are tested multiple times over time because of the risk of frequent exposure. Source: California Reportable Disease Information Exchange
Total estudiantes matriculados en la ciudad de Pereira
Total de los estudiantes  matriculados  en los colegios oficiales de la ciudad de Pereira
Early Voting Locations
A list of early voting locations, including addresses, for the primary and general elections. Note: In 2018 Saint Paul College was a one-day, pop-up location.
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) Hourly Data Kentville BAM/T640
Hourly ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5) data in micrograms per cubic metre from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.
Global Tobacco Surveillance System (GTSS) - Global School Personnel Survey (GSPS)
2001-2011. The GSPS was initiated in 2000 to collect information on tobacco use, knowledge and attitudes of school personnel toward tobacco, existence and effectiveness of tobacco control policies in schools, and training and materials available for implementing tobacco prevention and control interventions.
Census - American Community Survey data products released as scheduled
The American Community Survey (ACS) includes the release of detailed social, economic, and housing data.  The ACS replaced the Decennial Census’ long form in 2005.  People increasingly depend on the most current Census Bureau population and income data to made decision on business locations and investments in real estate. Communities rely on this data to measure the demand for housing, predict future needs, and identify trends.
Casos de Dengue  Notificados al Sistema de Vigilancia de la Salud Pública SIVIGILA  2008
Registro de pacientes atendidos en las Instituciones Prestadoras de Servicios de Salud con diagnóstico sospechoso o confirmado de Dengue y notificados al SIVIGILA desde el año 2008.
Memphis Building Permits: New, Alt, Add SubTypes
Building Permit data restricted to only those in Memphis with subtype new ("new"), alteration ("alt") or addition ("add").
Connecticut Towns - Crosswalk with Tax Codes and FIPS Codes
A list of Connecticut municipalities with the 3-digit tax code and the 10-digit FIPS code for county subdivisions, assigned by the U.S. Census Bureau
2019 Q1 Immigration Phone Survey Results
Data set is the result of commissioned questions in the Atlantic Quarterly omnibus public opinion survey conducted in February 2019. These commissioned questions relate to public opinion regarding perceptions of immigration. Results are provided for each question broken down by various demographic markers (age, gender, geographic region, education level and household income). Sample size consisted of 400 telephone interviews in a random sample of adult aged 18+ from Nova Scotia.
Data on agricultural practices in Segamil and Paisano in Guatemala: Section 1
This dataset describes the agricultural practices of households surveyed as part of the Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in  in Segamil and Paisano in Guatemala.  It has 15 columns and 5,548 rows.  In fiscal year 2012, USAID's Office of Food for Peace (FFP) awarded funding to private voluntary organizations (PVOs) to design and implement a multi-year Title II development food assistance program in Guatemala.  The main purpose of the Title II program is to improve long-term food security of chronically food insecure populations in the target regions.  FFP contracted a firm, ICF International, to conduct a baseline study in targeted areas of the country prior to the start of the new program.  The purpose of the study was to assess the current status of key indicators, have a better understanding of prevailing conditions and perceptions of the population in the implementation areas, and serve as a point of comparison for future final evaluations.  The results were also used to further refine program targeting and, where possible, to improve the understanding of the relationship between variables to inform program design.  The study was conducted in 2013, while FFP expects to conduct final evaluations as close as possible to the end of the program five years later.  The data asset is comprised of six datasets: Agricultural Practices, Child Health, Household Description, Maternal Health and Household Sanitation, Food Consumption and the sample weights to be applied during analysis. In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
Certified Investment Advisor Directory Utah
Following is the list of Certified Investment Advisers for the quarter beginning July 1, 2014 through September 30, 2014. This list supersedes the list dated April 1, 2014.    Transactions involving authorized deposits or investments of public funds may be conducted only through issuers of securities authorized by Section 51-7-11(3), qualified depositories (refer to current list), certified agents of dealers (see list), or the Certified Investment Advisers included in this list. Certified Investment Advisers are required under 51-7-11.5 to purchase investments through qualified depositories, certified dealers or directly with the issuer. Authorized deposits or investments are generally limited to those securities listed in Section 51-7-11(3).
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a OCTUBRE de 2016
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Octubre de 2016 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Summary Financial Data For Credit Unions
This dataset provides annual summary financial data for Iowa state-chartered credit unions starting with year ending 12/31/2005.
NNDSS - TABLE 1T. Invasive pneumococcal disease, Age<5 years, Confirmed to Legionellosis
NNDSS - TABLE 1T. Invasive pneumococcal disease, age<5 years, Confirmed to Legionellosis - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).  § Includes drug resistant and susceptible cases of Invasive Pneumococcal Disease.
Quarterly Grocery Food Sales, Q2, Calendar 2014
Quarterly grocery sales in Utah for the second quarter of calendar year 2014
SISBEN 2019 PATIOS
Inclusión de Colombianos a Sisben Febrero 2019
Local Area Unemployment Statistics: Beginning 1976
The Local Area Unemployment Statistics program estimates labor force statistics (labor force, employed, unemployment, unemployment rate) for New York State civilian labor force aged 16 and up. Areas covered include, New York State, New York City, Balance of State, Metropolitan Statistical Areas, Counties, Labor Market Regions, Workforce Investment Board Areas, and cities and towns with populations of 25,000 or more. Data are not seasonally adjusted. Civilian labor force data do not include military, prison inmate, or other institutional populations.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of November 2018.</p>
ATF Registered Firearms And Dealers List Utah 2014
ATF Registered Firearms And Dealers List Utah 2014
2016 QHP Landscape SHOP Market Dental
For instructions on how to read and use this data, visit   https://data.healthcare.gov/download/6vhe-5q6n/application%2Fpdf
CALIDAD DE AGUA
Calidad de agua Agosto 2019
Asociaciones Productivas Planadas Tolima
Listado de asociaciones productivas en el municipio de Planadas Tolima
NTIA-Number of pilot states providing data to NTIA to populate Congressionally-mandated broadband map
NTIA improves the nation’s understanding of broadband availability by improving data collection and analytic capabilities. NTIA promotes more efficient federal broadband investments, especially in critical rural areas where data does not always accurately reflect broadband availability.
Presupuesto Ingresos Gobernación de  Sucre 2016
Tabla de ingreso presupuestal a la Gobernacion de Sucre
Pet Ownership - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the May Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=310&t=1. Open from May 11 - 19, 2015. . At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2709 Insight Community Members. 1115 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1210 respondents completed the survey: 1115 Insight Community Members and 95 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
NYC Independent Budget Office (IBO) Debt Outstanding Since FY 2000
Amount of debt outstanding as of June 30 of each year.    SOURCES: IBO; New York City Comprehensive Annual Financial Report of the Comptroller (various years); Annual Report of the Comptroller on Capital Debt and Obligations (various years); New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority Comprehensive Annual Financial Reports (various years)  NOTES: 1In determining what to include as outstanding debt of the City of New York, IBO considered: (1) the city's obligation (contractual and moral) to repay the debt, (2) whether the revenues pledged toward the repayment of the debt would have otherwise accrued to the city, and (3) whether the proceeds of the debt issuance accrue directly to the city.  2GO debt is net of bonds held for debt service on other city-related obligations, referred to in the Comptroller's Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR) as Treasury Obligations. The 2000–2002 CAFRs show outstanding general obligation debt, before Treasury Obligations, in 2000 and 2001 as $26,892 million and $26,836 million, respectively. However, CAFRs from 2003 on show higher GO debt for the two years, $353 million more for 2000 and $311 million more for 2001; the 2003 CAFR does not provide a note explaining the revisions. IBO uses the numbers reported from 2003 forward.  3Fiscal years 2000, 2002, and 2003 include short-term bond anticipation notes outstanding at year-end of $515 million, $2.2 billion, and $1.1 billion, respectively.  4For fiscal year 2000, Capital Lease Obligations to HHC and PCDC are reported jointly.   5In FY 2008, JSDC bonds outstanding were redeemed with GO bond proceeds, resulting in the elimination of JSDC debt, a reduction in conduit debt outstanding and partially accounting for the increase in GO debt from 2007 to 2008  														  General Obligation:  General obligation bonds are backed by the full faith and credit of the city. City property tax collections are pledged first to pay the principal and interest on these bonds.  														  														  Treasury Obligations:  Treasury obligations are New York City bonds held as investments by the city or by the related entities covered here, including MAC and SFC. They are netted out in order to avoid double counting of the city's obligations.  														  Transitional Finance Authority:  Created in 1997, the Transitional Finance Authority (TFA) is a separate legal entity from the City of New York. TFA General Purpose Bonds are secured by the city's collections of personal income tax and, if necessary, sales tax.  Recovery Bonds, issued in response to the events of September 11, 2001 differ from general purpose bonds in that they are excluded from the calculation of outstanding TFA debt allowed under the debt limit.  														  TFA Building Aid Revenue Bonds:  In fiscal year 2006, the city was authorized by the state Legislature to assign to the TFA all or any portion of the state building aid payable to the city or its school district. The TFA in turn is authorized to issue bonds secured by the aid and dedicated to financing a portion of the city's educational facilities capital plan.  														  TSASC:  TSASC Inc. (formerly known as the Tobacco Settlement Asset Securitization Corporation) is a separate legal entity from the City of New York. TSASC bonds are secured by the corporation's purchase from the city of the future revenue stream under a settlement agreement resolving cigarette smoking-related litigation between the settling states and participating manufacturers.  														  Municipal Assistance Corporation for the City of New York:  The Municipal Assistance Corporation (MAC) was a separate legal entity from the City of New York, created in 1975 and formally dissolved in 2008. With New York City experiencing a severe fiscal crisis in 1975, MAC allowed the city continued access to credit markets and assisted in the prevention of a default of city general obligation bonds. MAC bonds were secured by state collections of
US States and Territories Shapefile
This is a system shapefile that is used to map data on the US state and territory-level
Floodplain Reviews
This data shows floodplain properties that have had either a flood study or a Floodplain Delineation Survey performed on them.  Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbswm_floodplain_reviews.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
State Summary of Outpatient Charge Data by select 30 APCs, CY2013
The Outpatient Utilization and Payment state summary data presents information on common outpatient services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient PUF presents information on utilization, payment, and estimated hospital-specific charges for 30 Ambulatory Payment Classification (APC) Groups paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for Calendar Year (CY) 2013. The Medicare payment amount includes the APC payment amount, the beneficiary Part B coinsurance amount and the beneficiary deductible amount.
Average Price 3 Bedroom Homes By County In Utah 1996-2015
This data set contains average home prices for 3 bedroom homes by county by month in Utah for 1996-2015.
Downtown Austin Community Court (DACC) FY 2018 Caseload information
Displays FY 2018 issued citation offenses in DACC jurisdiction for informational purposes
Councillors' Common Budget Meeting Expenses
January 1, 2014 - June 30, 2020.  For information on other expense categories, refer to the other Councillors' Expenses datasets.
HS WSU Snap-ed
Number of events and participants in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Education (SNAP-Ed). SNAP-ed is a nutrition education program that targets families and households that qualify for food assistance benefits (food stamps).
Presubmission Community Meetings
Presubmission Community Meetings
Indice Sintético de Calidad Educativa (ISCE)
El Índice Sintético de Calidad Educativa - ISCE es la herramienta que permite evaluar de 1 a 10 el proceso educativo de los colegios, con el fin de poder determinar los planes y acciones que se deberán llevar a cabo para lograr el mejoramiento y excelencia educativa que queremos para nuestro Municipio
Training - DCSS - Percent of Current Support Collected
Total amount of support distributed as current support during FY and Total amount of support paid during the FY entered as a %.
BTR Airport Signatory Airlines Passenger Stats
This dataset provides the monthly enplanement and deplanement statistics since 1986 for all signatory airlines flying to and from the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport.
PUNTOS SEMAFORICOS
PUNTOS SEMAFORICOS DE LA TEBAIDA QUINDIO CON SUS COORDENADAS
Counts and Locations of Oil & Gas Wells in LA County (April 2019)
Active/ inactive wells for all cities and unincorporated county with one or more active well sourced from Division of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources, Oil & Gas Well Shapefile for California.
Medicaid CMS-64 New Adult Group Expenditures
This dataset reports summary level expenditure data associated with the new adult group established under the Affordable Care Act. These state expenditures are reported through the federal Medicaid Budget and Expenditure System (MBES).    Notes:  1. “VIII GROUP” is also known as the “New Adult Group.”  2. The VIII Group is only applicable for states that have expanded their Medicaid programs by adopting the VIII Group. VIII Group expenditure information  for the states that have not expanded their Medicaid program is noted as “N/A.”  3. States that have reported “0” either have no expenditures for that reporting category or have not yet reported expenditures for that category.  4. MCHIP expenditures are not included in the All Medical Assistance Expenditures.
SHIP Life Expectancy 2010-2017
Life Expectancy - This indicator shows life expectancy from birth, in years. Life expectancy is a summary measure used to describe overall health. Life expectancy at birth is the average number of years a newborn is expected to live given current conditions. The life expectancy in the US is the highest in recorded history thanks to public health interventions such as improvements in sanitation and food safety, development and use of vaccines, and health promotion efforts.
Bus Stops
This dataset contains the shape file of all bus stops as per the GTFS data feed released during May 2020. Please refer to latest GTFS file at https://www.transport.act.gov.au/contact-us/information-for-developers
Underground Water Levels Sherwood Hills Landslide, Provo B-8 (50)
This data set contains Groundwater Monitoring Data acquired through the West Desert Groundwater Monitoring-Well Project (including Snake Valley) and other projects.
Parking - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the April 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=921&as=M7ua9eD4Ge&t=1    Open from April 12 - 19, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 5019 Insight Community Members. 1404 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 1405 respondents completed the survey: 1404 Insight Community Members and 1 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attached document, found under the "About" option, in the "Attachments" section.
NOAA- Number of fishermen, seafood processors and aquaculture industry personnel who modify their practices using knowledge gained in fisheries sustainability and seafood safety
This measure tracks Sea Grant’s success in assisting industry personnel with the adoption of responsible harvesting and processing techniques that improve social, economic, and ecological sustainability. Industry personnel include recreational, commercial (wild and cultured), and subsistence fishery participants, processors, and retailers. Practices include techniques, technologies and best management practices adopted. Fisheries sustainability and seafood safety refers to any combination of the ability of the ecosystem to remain diverse and productive; the social, cultural, and economic resilience of the fishing community; personal or crew safety; and quality and safety of the seafood product.
Higher Education Cost Data From IPEDS Utah 2000-2010
This data set contains finance, enrollment, staffing, completions and student aid data for academic years 1986-1999 for Utah higher education institutions which were derived from the IPEDS (Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System) submissions to the US Dept of Education.
Ribbon Seal Distribution
This dataset contains GIS layers that depict the known spatial distributions (i.e., ranges) and reported breeding areas of ribbon seals (Histriophoca fasciata). It was produced as part of a U.S. Endangered Species Act status review, which included delineating the species in question and assessing its risk of extinction within the foreseeable future throughout all or a significant portion of its range. Its boundaries are based on previously published range maps and/or descriptions of the species' distribution in published or unpublished accounts. All boundaries should be considered approximate.
COA FUEL BY DEPARTMENT
Breakdown of usage by Department and mileage per vehicle
Mantenimiento de Vias Slurry con maquinaria y personal rural y urbana Municipio de Chia  2018
Información estadística  Mantenimiento de Vias Slurry con maquinaria y personal rural y urbana Municipio de Chia  2018.
State Public School October Enrollment And July Population 1976-2014
State Public School October Enrollment And July Population 1976-2014
Carbon And Emery County Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014
Carbon And Emery County Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014
Vehicle Ownership (LA)
</p><p><a href=" https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/9mh4-p9zn/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Christmas Trees 2017
More than 270 Christmas and New Year themed street banners are installed along road corridors throughout the region. Council decorates two Christmas trees in Nambour and Caloundra outside the council buildings.  There are 20 locations with council decorated trees adding Christmas cheer to our local communities. All council decorated trees use LED lighting to align with council's commitment to sustainability. The majority of trees will be illuminated from 1 December, with some local communities hosting events to officially turn on the lights as part of the festivities. The lights should be shining in all trees by 10 December.
NTIS - Total investment by the Federal Government on new public-private projects (or Government- Industry projects) entered into under the Joint Venture Authority per year
The indicator measures the value, in U.S. Dollars, of all new project agreements between NTIS' Joint Venture Partners ( JVPs) and Federal Agencies facilitated by NTIS in a given year. By tracking the obligated values, this indicator shows the actual Federal Government investment in technology and data analytics development.
Topographical Bureau Maps
This list contains information on maps maintained by the topographical bureau
2008 Primary - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
August 2008 primary election; final/official results by precinct.
ACCIDENTES POR CLASE 1ER SEMESTRE 2017
Cantidad de accidentes por clase del 1er semestre 2017 en el Municipio de Copacabana
State Drug Utilization Data 2002
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
Baby Names 1880-2014
Baby Names from Social Security Card Applications-National Level Data. The data (name, year of birth, sex and number) are from a 100 percent sample of Social Security card applications after 1879.
Vital Signs: Economic Output - Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Economic Output (EC13)  FULL MEASURE NAME Gross regional product  LAST UPDATED July 2019  DESCRIPTION Economic output is measured by the total and per-capita gross regional product and refers to the value of goods and services generated by workers and companies in a region.  DATA SOURCE Bureau of Economic Analysis: Regional Economic Accounts 2001-2017 http://www.bea.gov/regional/  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) As gross regional product data is only available on the MSA level, Bay Area data includes 10 counties (the nine core counties + San Benito County); this results in a slightly higher regional GRP as a result of additional population and business activity. Per-capita data reflects the additional population included as a result of San Benito County’s participation in the San Jose MSA. Data is inflation-adjusted by using both nominal and real data developed by BEA and appropriately escalating real GRP data in 2009 dollars to today’s dollars (2017). This inflation adjustment approach is specific to each MSA and is different from the CPI inflation approach used for other datasets on the Vital Signs website.
POAI 2018
El Plan Operativo Anual de Inversiones (POAI) es el instrumento mediante el cual se concretan las inversiones del Plan de Desarrollo de acuerdo con las formas de financiación contenidas en el Plan Financiero.
Suggest a Dataset
Repository for suggestions made through the "Suggest a Dataset" form.
Actividades PIC 2018
Información de las intervenciones colectivas realizadas para programas de educación en salud y prevención de enfermedades por actividad y comuna.
Estadistica 2014 - Resumen Acuicultura
Estadistica 2014 - Resumen Acuicultura
Libraries - 2017 Wi Fi Usage
The Chicago Public Library offers free WiFi at all locations. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence Branch closed due to a fire on 10/30/15. Sulzer Regional Library was closed for three weeks in October/November 2016 for major facility repairs. Woodson Regional Library has been closed for major construction since November 2016, and is expected to reopen in late 2017. The Thomas Hughes Children's Library Closed in November 2016 for renovations and is expected to reopen in June 2017.
Bombillería Semaforos
Este archivo nos permite conocer la bombilleria (color y tipo) que tiene los semáforos de la ciudad de Armenia.
City of Seattle Wages: Comparison by Gender - Average Hourly Wage by Department
Average hourly wages for women and men sorted by City department and age range
Short-Term Industry Employment Projections
Short-term Industry Projections for a 2-year time horizon are produced for the State to provide individuals and organizations with an insight into future industry trends to make informed decisions on employment opportunities and organizational program development. Short-term projections are revised annually. Data are not available for geographies below the state level, including labor market regions. Data is based on second quarter averages and may be subject to seasonality. Detail may not add to summary lines due to suppression of confidential data.
DECD Capital Projects Portfolio
This is a list of financial assistance agreements for Capital Projects from July 1, 2010 to June 30, 2020.
Informe de adultos mayores en programa Colombia Mayor - Miraflores
Se relaciona información asociada a los adultos mayores del municipio de Miraflores que se encuentran en el programa Colombia Mayor ofrecido por el Ministerios del trabajo, los nombres, apellidos, cédula, municipio, entre otros.
Plan Básico de Ordenamiento Territorial de Sabaneta
Conozca la información básica del PBOT del municipio de Sabaneta, Acuerdo 22 del año 2009.  Encuentre estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of November 2018.</p>
Relocated Vehicles
This dataset presents current and former locations of vehicles that have been relocated by the City of Chicago within the last 90 days. Vehicles may be relocated, but not impounded, due to inoperability, accident, severe weather, special events, construction or other work being performed in a thoroughfare where the vehicle was previously located.
CMA Annual Bankruptcy Rates
The Edmonton CMA Annual Consumer Bankruptcy Rate and Annual Business  Bankruptcy Rate provide insight into how Edmonton’s climate for business may impact small and medium-sized businesses differently. It also provides a comparison to overall business growth in the region.
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada - FINAGRO
Consolidado de información de acuerdo a la Ley 1712 de 2014, que permite identificar la información que en la Entidad ha sido identificada como Clasificada o Reservada, es decir, que se identifica aquella información que no puede ser compartida a menos que se cumplan unas excepciones legales que lo permitan.
2014 Special February - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
February 2014 special election; final/official results by precinct.
Department of Economic and Community Development- Connecticut Recovery Bridge Loan Program
This dataset lists all companies funded through the Connecticut Recovery Bridge Loan Program.  Information about the bridge loan program can be found here:  https://portal.ct.gov/DECD/Content/Coronavirus-Business-Recovery/CT-Recovery-Bridge-Loan-Program
2016 Medicare Shared Savings Program Organizations
The Medicare Shared Savings Program (or Shared Savings Program) facilitates coordination among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries while reducing the growth in health care costs. Eligible providers, hospitals, and suppliers may apply to participate in the Shared Savings Program by creating or participating in an Accountable Care Organization (ACO).     Note: Data descriptions are available in the Data Dictionary on the ACOs in Your State webpage at https://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Medicare-Fee-for-Service-Payment/sharedsavingsprogram/ACOs-in-Your-State.html. Look for the Downloads section at the bottom of the page and open the ZIP file to see the Data Dictionary.    DISCLAIMER: This information is current as of February 2016. Changes to ACO information occurs periodically. Each ACO has the most up-to-date information about their organization. Consider using them as a resource to obtain the latest information about an ACO.
Number of Veterans Insured by VGLI by State as of October 31, 2012
<p>Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of October 31, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.</p>
Matriculados por grado  de Cimitarra
Contiene la lista de grados y matriculados en cada uno
Planned capital works and maintenance 2014-15, with funding sources
This is the planned council works expenditure budget and the sources of funding for the budget. It should be noted that maintenance is included as part of the overall review of council works program but is funded out of the operating budget.
Actividades del Plan de Desarrollo con enfoque de Estado Abierto
Identificación de los temas del Plan Nacional de Desarrollo  2018-2022 en los que existen acciones relacioandas con Estado Abierto, la entidad a cargo de realziarlas y el pilar de Estado Abierto al que está asociado.  Este insumo sirvió de base a la realización de la consulta ciudadana.
Transportation Projects funded through the Transportation Special Purpose Local Option Sales Tax (TSPLOST)
This dataset contains information on transportation projects in Fulton County funded through the Transportation Special Purpose Local Option Sales Tax (TSPLOST).  It includes TSPLOST-funded projects in all municipalities with the exception of Atlanta.  This dataset is used by the TSPLOST Projects Explorer web site at https://tsplost.fultoncountyga.gov/projects.  Information on projects is provided by the individual Fulton County municipalities.
SNP Polymorphism Survey of the Parental Lines of ISRA Sorghum Breeding Program as Part of the Feed the Future - Data
This is the data file generated from the activity where Polymorphism of SNP Markers (single nucleotide polymorphisms) was assessed on 24 parental lines of the ISRA sorghum breeding program .  About 1300 SNP have been used in this survey.
Rutas de Transporte Público Municipio de Envigado
Listado de rutas de transporte publico en el municipio de Envigado, vigentes para el año 2019
CIT Trained Officers - Prevailing Metric
Dataset tracking the number of officers with CIT training, to power the Public Safety Goal.
Contribution Amounts 2017 - 2018
Information related to actuarially determined contributions (ADC) that were calculated for employers or nonemployer contributing entities.
NYC Free Tax Prep Sites
This dataset provides a machine-readable format for the data that populates the "NYC Free Tax Preparation Site Finder" map hosted on DCA's website.  The dataset includes the name and address of the service provider, its hours of operation, services available, and required geo-spacial data elements used by the map.  DCA's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE) DCA coordinates the City’s Annual Tax Season Initiative which offers free tax preparation services to qualifying New Yorkers. NYC Free Tax Prep sites are displayed on a map at nyc.gov/taxprep (https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dca/TaxMap/index.html)  The map is updated whenever a new site is added or an existing site changes its hours of operation or services provided.  For more information about Free Tax Preparation Sties visit the DCA website (https://www1.nyc.gov/site/dca/consumers/file-your-taxes-faqs.page).
Facilities Management - Find it Fast - Cook County Facilities and Services Locator
County facilities by location and type of services provided at that location.
Child Friendly Edmonton Businesses
This dataset is a list of business who are recognized for the following:    Recognizing businesses that strive to create a welcoming space for all children through attitude, amenities and activities.    For further information regarding Child Friendly Businesses and how to become one, please visit:    https://www.edmonton.ca/programs_services/for_children_kids_youth/business-recognition-program.aspx
2014 - 2015 Guidance Counselor Report
New York City Department of Education 2015 - 2015 Guidance Counselor Summary Report.
NORA Uncommitted Property Inventory
This is a listing of all properties in NORA's inventory that are not under contract.
Traffic Signal Inventory - Hardware Detail
Information on what type of hardware is installed on Signals Inventory Poles and Arms, such as speakers that provide audible sounds for visually impaired, pushbuttons, etc. Signal Location Number is based on general point location data from the Traffic Signals Inventory – Locations.  Point data in dataset maps to the specific pole location that supports these components.
Completed Education
POPULATION AGE 25+ YEARS BY EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT
Resguardos Indígenas de Puerto Carreño, Vichada
Resguardos Indígenas de Puerto Carreño, Vichada
CorStat - Data Inventory
The dataset inventory provides a list of data maintained by departments within the City of Corona. The inventory will be used to track progress toward meeting plan goals for each department as well as achieving the goals of the City's overall strategic plan.
Empresas transporte Público Municipio de Chia
Datos de contacto de las empresas de transporte publico que operan en el municipio de Chía
EJECUCIÓN DE INGRESOS PRIMER TRIMESTRE 2017
Ejecución de ingresos, recaudos, impestos tributarios (impuesto Predial e industria y comercio) recaudo sistema General de PArticipaciones (educación, agua potable, alimentación escolar, deporte, cultura, otros sectores
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2021 - Graffiti
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2020 to September 30, 2021.
FICHA DE DEMOGRAFÍA Y MAS DE HATONUEVO LA GUAJIRA
Demografía y población,  Finanzas públicas,Economía, Ambiente, Vivienda y Servicios Públicos, Educación, Salud etc.
2016 National Census of Ferry Operators (NCFO)
The 2016 NCFO dataset is comprised of the responses of all operators who completed the 2016 NCFO.  The dataset is made up of ferry operator, vessel, terminal and segment data for the 2015 calendar year.
Tall Building Inventory
Inventory of tall buildings in San Francisco, focusing on attributes that are relevant to building performance during an earthquake or to post-earthquake recovery. Where possible, the attributes were collected from permitting documents at the Department of Building Inspections. As of October 1, 2018, this database includes a complete list of the 156 buildings taller than 240 ft, as well as another 24 buildings over 160 ft. For more information on the Tall Building Safety Strategy, see <a href="http://OneSanFrancisco.org/Resilient-SF" target="_blank" rel="nofollow external">http://OneSanFrancisco.org/Resilient-SF</a>.   If you find any errors or emissions in this database, please contact us at <a href="mailto:cpp@sfgov.org?subject=Tall Buildings Database">cpp@sfgov.org</a>. For any other issues, please scroll down to "contact the dataset owner" on this page.
Produccion De Raices Tuberculos Y Bulbos En El Valle Del Cauca Año 2016
Producción De Raíces Tubérculos Y Bulbos En El Valle Del Cauca Año 2016
Demographics - Age, Race and Ethnicity by Census Tract, 2010-2014
Estimates of population, age, race and ethnicity characteristics for census tracts within the Puget Sound region including margins of error. Based on the U.S. Census Bureau's 2010-2014 American Community Survey tables: B01001, B01002 and B03002.
USA SPENDING C&P BURIAL B101 VETERANS CEMETARY GRANTS PROGRAM OCT2018
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to assist States and federally recognized tribal governments in the establishment, expansion, and improvement of veterans' cemeteries. Monetary assistance is provided under this program to establish, expand, and improve State or Tribal government veterans’ cemeteries. Cemeteries must be State or Tribal Government owned and operated solely for the interment of eligible veterans and their dependents and/or spouses. Construction cost means the amount found necessary to convert a tract of land to an operational cemetery. The cemetery must be used solely for the interment of veterans, their wives, husbands, surviving spouses, minor children, and unmarried adult children who were physically or mentally disabled and incapable of self-support: section 38 CFR Part 38.620.</p>
Noise Exceedance Rating
Counts of airline operations that incur noise exceeding threshold by airline and by month. The Aircraft Noise Abatement Office collects this data using an Airport Noise and Operations Management System. It is collected using remote noise monitor sites in the communities surrounding SFO. This data is collected to monitor and grade airlines' performance as part of SFO's Fly Quiet Program.
Utah Libraries Dataset FY2007
The following datasets and tables correspond to the data elements reported in the annual Public Library Service – PLS (formerly the Federal State Cooperative System [FSCS] for Public Library Data) survey published by the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS). These data elements are a sub-set of the “Statistical Annual Report of Public Library Services” survey administered by the Utah State Library Division.
Causes Of Death In KCMO 2007-2012 By Year (Transposed)
Causes of death in Kansas City over time
193- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 3.3
Social Services Performance Metrics Objective 3.3- Foster Caseload, FY 2019 Proposed Budget.
Issued Construction Permits - 2017
Building, Electrical, Mechanical, and Plumbing Permits and Driveway/Sidewalk Permits issued by the City of Austin. Includes relevant details such as issue date, location, council district, expiration date, description of work, square footage, valuation, and units...
2013 Police Video Equipment And Technology ( PVET) JAG Local Pass-through Grant Program
Approximately $2.6 million of federal funds was distributed to nine police departments/municipalities with the primary purpose to assist towns in complying with Public Act 11-174 AAC Electronic Recording of Interrogations.  Data fields include: (1) Town Name; (2) Total Award; (3) Total Expenditures; and (4) Summary description of goods and services procured.
Homicidios Comunes Según Día De Ocurrencia 1993 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados las Muertes por Causa Externa por Homicidios según el día de ocurrencia de los hechos para los años 1993 al 2017
Appropriated Full Cost Of Instruction Expenditures Per FTE 2000-2015
This data set contains Appropriated Full Cost of Instruction Expenditures per FTE for Utah schools from 2000-2015.  Full costs include the direct instructional cost plus most of the other costs mentioned above. To determine the full cost of instruction, the costs of the physical plant, institutional support, academic support, and student services are allocated to Instruction, Research and Public Service. Management decisions made at each institution determine amounts devoted to the direct cost of instruction and the  full cost of instruction. These amounts are then divided by the number of FTE students to get the costs per student.
Public Assistance Cases with Earned Income:  Beginning April 2006
The data in this dataset are monthly listings of the number of Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), Safety Net Assistance-Maintenance of Effort (SNA-MOE), and Safety Net Assistance Non-Maintenance of Effort (SNA Non-MOE) cash assistance cases with earned monthly income, and the average gross earned monthly income and average net earned monthly income (after applying earned income disregards) for these cases.  Data is presented by case type for each local social services district.  The dataset is from the NYS Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance (OTDA) and is updated monthly.
2015-2016 Adopted Budget
The City's 2015-2016 Adopted Biennial Budget reflects a continued commitment to strong financial responsibility and is the framework for how the City plans to use its resources to serve the community.
Technology Privacy Impact Assessments
A Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) is a method for conducting an in-depth review of how data is collected and managed for a program or project. This is a list of all available PIAs to date. For more information please visit seattle.gov/privacy
Docentes catedráticos por horas por programa por contratos 2019-2
Docentes catedráticos por contrato con las horas asignadas por cada programa
Parks Inspection Program – Feature Ratings
This dataset contains ratings for inspected property features. Each row represents a rating for a single feature.    A complete list of all datasets in the series can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Parks%20Inspection%20Program%20(PIP)&sortBy=alpha">here</a>.
ACTIVOS DE INFORMACION HOSPITAL TOMAS URIBE URIBE
ACTIVOS DE INFORMACION HOSPITAL TOMAS URIBE URIBE
State Of Utah Income Tax Collections By City 2009
State Of Utah Income Tax Collections By City 2009
Health_6220P_Adults with Diabetes_PHP3
Percent of SMC Adults with Type II Diabetes
MTA.Vehicle-Restrictions
A. SUMMARY Location and attributes of streets with weight and/or interurban bus restrictions.  B. METHODOLOGY  Manual updates to individual restriction shapefiles.  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  Updated infrequently, twice a year at most.
Medicare Referring Provider DMEPOS NPI Aggregate table, CY2013
The 2013 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Public Use File (herein referred to as “Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF”) presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.  The Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF contains data on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code and supplier rental indicator. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org). The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2013 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.      While the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF has a wealth of information on payment and utilization for Medicare DMEPOS services, the dataset has a number of limitations.  Of particular importance is the fact that the data may not be representative of a physician’s entire practice as it only includes information on Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries.  In addition, the data are not intended to indicate the quality of care provided and are not risk-adjusted to account for differences in underlying severity of disease of patient populations.  For additional limitations, please review the methodology document available below.
500 Cities: Census Tract-level Data (GIS Friendly Format), 2016 release
2014, 2013. Data were provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Division of Population Health, Epidemiology and Surveillance Branch. The project was funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) in conjunction with the CDC Foundation. 500 cities project census tract-level data in GIS-friendly format can be joined with census tract spatial data (https://chronicdata.cdc.gov/500-Cities/500-Cities-Census-Tract-Boundaries/x7zy-2xmx) in a geographic information system (GIS) to produce maps of 27 measures at the census tract level.
CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CONSULTA - OCTUBRE 2019
Causas de morbilidad por consulta externa para el mes de octubre de 2019.
DOF: Condominium comparable rental income – Brooklyn - FY 2010/2011
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
BP Appointments - Community Education Councils (CECs)
This data set represents the Borough President  CEC's appointees. Community Education Councils (CECs) are education policy advisory bodies responsible for, among other things, reviewing and evaluating the district’s educational programs, approving zoning lines, and holding public hearings on certain matters.
DEL Office Locations
The DEL Office Locations data set is comprised of the DEL office locations at the point in time the data is extracted.  Below is a description of the data elements for the data set.
MATRICULADOS PRIMERA VEZ POR GENERO 2018-2
Matriculados por primera identificados por genero
Esquema de Publicación de Información de la Contraloría Municipal de Envigado
El Esquema de Publicación de Información es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma.
Public Life Data - People Staying
Provides data on people staying still in the space, including total number observed, demographic data, group size, postures, and activities.  ------------------------------------------  The City of Seattle Department of Transportation (SDOT) is providing data from the public life studies it has conducted since 2017. These studies consist of measuring the number of people using public space and the types of activities present on select sidewalks across the city, as well as several parks and plazas. The data set is continually updated as SDOT and other parties conduct public life studies using Gehl Institute’s Public Life Data Protocol.  This dataset consists of four component spreadsheets and a GeoJSON file, which provide public life data as well as information about the study design and study locations:  1 Public Life Study: provides details on the different studies that have been conducted, including project information. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Study/7qru-sdcp  2 Public Life Location: provides details on the sites selected for each study, including various attributes to allow for comparison across sites. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Locations/fg6z-cn3y  3 Public Life People Moving: provides data on people moving through space, including total number observed, gender breakdown, group size, and age groups. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-People-Moving/7rx6-5pgd  4 Public Life People Staying: provides data on people staying still in the space, including total number observed, demographic data, group size, postures, and activities.  5 Public Life Geography: A GeoJSON file with polygons of every location studied. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Geography/v4q3-5hvp  Please download and refer to the Public Life metadata document - in the attachment section below - for comprehensive information about all of the Public Life datasets.
DC Water Asset Projects
Capital Improvements Projects:  This dataset provides information about the infrastructure projects included in DC Water’s Capital Improvement Plan (CIP).  The dataset is updated on a monthly basis or when significant changes are made to the plan.  The information provided is limited to the best available data in DC Water’s possession at the time the dataset was loaded.  More information about our CIP  Our capital improvement plan is measured in the billions. That's the level of investment required to upgrade our water and sewer systems, comply with federal mandates to reduce nutrient discharges and combined sewer overflows to local rivers, and improve the efficiency of our operations. This work is occurring across the city, and by clicking on the blue points shown on the map you can see what's happening in your neighborhood. Please note the field project extent describes the length of project in miles (not all projects contain project extent).  For more information please visit https://www.dcwater.com/projects      Data Disclaimer: District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority (“D.C. Water”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public.  The data provided by D.C. Water is based on historical data, information directly provided by DC Water, information directly provided by DC Water contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. DC Water does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors.  The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use.  D.C. Water assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website.  D.C. Water reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Real Estate Sales 2001-2018
The Office of Policy and Management maintains a listing of all real estate sales with a sales price of $2,000 or greater that occur between October 1 and September 30 of each year. For each sale record, the file includes: town, property address, date of sale, property type (residential, apartment, commercial, industrial or vacant land), sales price, and property assessment.
Descripción Actividades Recreativas Bienestar 2019-2
Actividades de cultura, deporte y desarrollo
Empresas De Transporte
En el municipio de Dolores se encuentran tres empresas de transporte con destino a la ciudad de Ibagué y Neiva.
OFM - Number of repeat significant deficiencies and/or material weaknesses remaining within one year of determination
Ensures that no repeat Significant Deficiencies, formerly known as “Reportable Conditions,” (i.e. deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls) and material weaknesses remain unaddressed.
World Internet Project NZ
The NZ data of the World Internet Project data as produced by the World Internet Project NZ team at the Auckland University of Technology.  Last updated in 2015.  This is presented as a large set of cross tabulations, e.g. Do you use the Internet * Age bracket.    The full report based on this data is attached below.
COVID-19 in Alberta: Rate of New Hospitalizations
COVID-19 data for Alberta: Rate of new hospitalizations per 1,000,000 (7-day rolling average; average of current day and previous 6 days) by admission date for the Alberta, Calgary, Edmonton and South Zones. Zone boundaries are outlined at https://www.albertahealthservices.ca/ahs-map-ahs-zones.pdf.  This is a mirror of the data presented in Figure 9 at https://www.alberta.ca/stats/covid-19-alberta-statistics.htm.
Percent of Performance Measures Successfully Accomplished Across HIT Projects
Percent of Performance Measures Successfully Accomplished Across HIT Projects for Health IT 5560B 1
Pedestrian and Bicycle Counts - I-90 and SR 520
This data includes counts of pedestrians and bicycles on I-90 and SR 520. This data is part of Bellevue’s Pedestrian and Bicycle Transportation Plan. Obtaining accurate and comprehensive data on bicycle and pedestrian activity helps to identify trends over time and implement informed, data-driven policies and infrastructure decisions.     In March 2015, WSDOT installed ZELT Inductive Loop Counters and infrared person-counting ReCycled Posts from Eco-Counter on two key locations, the I-90 and SR 520 trails. The loop is able to precisely detect all types of bicycles. Using a sensor with a passive-infrared, pyroelectric technology and a high-precision lens, the infrared post counts people passing within the range of the sensor by detecting their body temperature. Data from both systems is continuously recorded and allows for automatic data transmission to the Eco-Counter software.    For more information and visuals regarding the Plan, click here: https://arcg.is/1jXTSr    The City of Bellevue does not guarantee that the information in this dataset is accurate or complete. This data is provided on an "as is" basis and the City disclaims all warranties.
Public barbecues
This dataset holds the description, type and geographical location of all BBQs in the City of Melbourne
Mill Rates for 2018 Fiscal Year
A mill is equal to $1.00 of tax for each $1,000 of assessment. To calculate the property tax, multiply the assessment of the property by the mill rate and divide by 1,000. For example, a property with an assessed value of $50,000 located in a municipality with a mill rate of 20 mills would have a property tax bill of $1,000 per year.  Local property tax mill rates have been set for individual Connecticut municipalities for fiscal year 2017-2018. These rates are based upon the 2016 grand list and are available below. These are the most current mill rates and are reflected in each municipality's July 2017 tax bills.
Juntas de Acción Comunal de Santiago de Cali
Datos como dignatarios, resolución sede de cada una de las juntas de acción comunal de las comunas y corregimientos de Santiago de Cali.
barrios municipio anzoategui
se presenta caracterización de barrios por el municipio de Anzoátegui
Report Card Dual Language 2019-20 School Year
This file includes Report Card Dual Language data for the 2019-20 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes programmatic information, including language of instruction, program design, program model, dual language programming grade span, and dual language education websites. Please review the notes below for more information.
CTA - Ridership - 'L' Station Entries - Daily Totals
This list shows daily totals of ridership, by station entry, for each 'L' station dating back to 2001. Dataset shows entries at all turnstiles, combined, for each station. Daytypes are as follows: W=Weekday, A=Saturday, U=Sunday/Holiday. See attached readme file for information on how these numbers are calculated.
Concurso Méritos Alcaldía Municipal  de Chia  vigencia  2018
Información estadística Concurso Méritos Alcaldía Municipal  de Chia  vigencia  2018
NNDSS - TABLE 1OO. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Machupo virus to Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Sabia virus
NNDSS - TABLE 1OO. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Machupo virus to Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Sabia virus - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).   § Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers'. NNDSS was updated beginning in 2015 to receive data for each of the viral hemorrhagic fevers listed.
PRESUPUESTO VIGENCIA 2019
PRESUPUESTO VIGENCIA 2019
2016 Census - Dwelling Unit by Language (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Matriculas Oficiales por Municipios dpto. de Sucre
Gobernación De Sucre, Secretaría De Educación, Equipo Cobertura Educativa
Canine Waste Dispensers
• One line of data represents the location of a canine waste bag dispenser, including what surface it is mounted on, who refills it, who made it, and when it was installed. • Data is collected by analysts located in each borough and collated by Parks’ Innovation & Performance Management team. • Data is updated as needed using an ArcGIS Online web application. • Records for dispensers that are no longer active have been removed • Not all records have an installation date. Records will only have an OMPPropID and SubProperty name if they fall within the bounds of a sub property.
Development Log Current Edition Project Use Data 2020 Q2
The Development Log provides a record of large-scale development projects occurring in the City of Cambridge. The Log, updated on a quarterly basis, is distributed to City departments and the public to keep them posted about development progress, from permitting through construction to completion. This table includes data about each specific use found within each project. A separate Development Log table includes general project information, such as development status and statistics related to the entire project.   The Current Edition Table lists data from all developments found in the last published edition of the Log, whose status range from In Permitting to Complete in the then current calendar year. For projects completed in earlier calendar years see https://data.cambridgema.gov/Planning/Development-Log-Historical-Projects-Use-Data/r5mv-isth
Directorio de  Presidentes de Juntas de Accion Comunal del Municipio de Hatonuevo La Guajira
Infomacion basica de las Juntas de Accion Comunal del Municipio de Hatonuevo La Guajira
Garfield And Kane Health Services List
A description of available health services for Garfield and Kane Counties
Drug Overdose Death Age-Adjusted Rates
This page contains overall  overdose death data trends by state
National Groundwater Monitoring Network-Water Level Data
his dataset is part of the Washington Geological Survey's (WGS) delivery to the National Groundwater Monitoring Network (NGWMN). It contains water level data for wells submitted the NGWMN.
Motor Vehicle Occupant Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014,  Region 10 - Seattle
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for motor vehicle occupants killed in crashes, 2012 & 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Sevier County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Sevier County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Percentage of high school students who watch television more than 3 hours per day, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2009 (odd years only)
Ratio:  The number of students among all student survey respondents who watch television for more than 3 hours per day on an average school day.    Definition:  The percentage of students who watch television or play video/computer games and use the internet for a specified number of hours per day on an average school day.    Data Sources:     1)  New Jersey Student Health Survey, Office of Student Support Services, Division of Student Services and Career Readiness, New Jersey Department of Education    2)  High School Youth Risk Behavior Survey Data, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, http://nccd.cdc.gov/youthonline/    History:  MAR 2017: Chart and table titles corrected to read as "More Than 3 Hours Per Day."  They were erroneously labeled previously as "2 or Less Hours Per Day."
EMS - Fleet Maintenance
This table contains data on maintenance of the department response fleet – ambulances, command trucks, and utility vehicles.  It includes the number of vehicles due for preventative maintenance each month, and the percentage that are serviced.  The data is broken out by the three vehicle types in addition to describing overall performance.  When no units are due for service in a month, the "Percent Serviced" column will show a null (blank) value for that month.
Defunciones Municipio de Envigado
Registro de defunciones Municipio de Envigado desde el año 2015 al año 2018
2013-2014 Class Size Report Borough Level Detail Summary
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
SLA - Open Data
This dataset provides a 13-month snapshot of the number of SLA's met by the Texas.gov vendor. The current Texas.gov vendor is Texas NICUSA, LLC. The dataset is updated quarterly.
2015 QHP Landscape OR Individual Market Medical
For instructions on how to read and use this data, visit: https://data.healthcare.gov/download/drds-fxfy/application/pdf
Annual Collision Report: Collision Cause
Main Collision Causes
Chambers Bay Property
This data is used for locating specific assets on Chamber's Bay Properties including the golf course and restaurant, park maintained trails and restrooms, and Sewer Division owned buildings and paring areas including the environmental services building and wastewater treatment plant.  All users should read the metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISMetadata/pdbsewr_ccp_chambers_bay_property.html).  Data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Business Energy Tax Credit Program: Fiscal Year 2013
Certificates·Issued·from·July·1,·2012·through·June·30,·2013. Withdrawn, Denied, and Incomplete applications are excluded. For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/Tax-Expenditures.aspx#Energy_Related_-_Tax_Expenditures_  Every effort has been made to ensure the data are complete, but these records reflect information reported to this agency by others. The Oregon Department of Energy is not responsible for data that is misinterpreted or altered in any way. If errors are discovered after publication of the records, the data are corrected in the electronic files.  It is estimated that there is a margin of error of less than one percent. NOTE: This data reports tax credits issued and may differ slightly from the tax credits allowed due to rounding. The tax-credit rate depends on the biomass material type. The energy value of the biomass materials in Million Btu (MMBtu) are estimates.
Percentage of Adults Who Report Driving After Drinking Too Much (in the past 30 days), 2012 & 2014, Region 5 - Chicago
Source: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 2012, 2014.
Adopted Budget -  Expenses - Dataset
The proposed and adopted budget for the City's expenses in the 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021 calendar years.
IDNYC Locations
Locations where people can apply for IDNYC (Not including pop-up enrollment centers).
Coal Unit Train Loadings
Weekly actual and planned coal loadings from the Surface Transportation Board's (STB) Rail Service Metrics. Railroads provide the average daily count (per week) of unit train coal traffic from major coal producing regions. They have the option of providing this metric on a train- or carload basis. For example, BNSF reports the average daily  loadings for the week of coal unit trains. CSX, on the other hand, reports on a carload basis. Data are broken out by coal production region.
CPI 3.12 Family Team Meetings FY2010-2019
A Family Team Meeting (FTM) is a family-centered rapid response meeting CPI uses to try and prevent a removal by engaging caregivers, parents and extended family and friends to address child safety concerns.  An FTM is not limited to an investigation and can occur at any point or stage in which CPI or CPS is involved with a family.
Cancer Mortality
This report includes cancer statistics for all cancer sites combined (all-site cancer), as well as eight specific cancer types. These cancer statistics reflect mortality data for 2008-2012.
NNDSS - Table II. Ehrlichiosis and Anaplasmosis, Anaplasma phagocytophilum infection to Ehrlichia chaffeensis infection
NNDSS - Table II. Ehrlichiosis and Anaplasmosis, Anaplasma phagocytophilum infection to Ehrlichia chaffeensis infection - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states or territory.    Note:    This table contains provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html     Footnotes:    C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA:  Not Available.  NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.
Cook County Assessor's Residential Sales Data
This is the data set of residential sales used by the Cook County Assessor in their Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal system used to assess residential property values. This data set contains property information for every arm's-length residential sale in Cook County where class is within a specified list of classes. For disclaimers, see data set narrative at https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/stories/s/p2kt-hk36
SUJETOS Y PUNTOS DE CONTROL DE LA CONTRALORÍA DEPARTAMENTAL DE AMAZONAS
SUJETOS Y PUNTOS DE CONTROL DE LA CONTRALORÍA DEPARTAMENTAL DE AMAZONAS
Citywide Business Plan Goals and Objectives 2017-2021
Listing of goals and objectives in Citywide Business Plan 2017-2021.
MASTER_DATA
Proof of Concept
School Immunization Survey: Beginning 2012-13 School Year
The School Immunization Survey collects aggregate data from schools in New York State regarding the immunization status of all the students attending school.  All schools, excluding New York City public schools, have reported the immunization status of all students in grades kindergarten through 12.
Admin- Wellness Committee
Camas Wellness Committee members and their respective departments
Stationary Source Toxic Emissions - HAP Metals (2005-2017) (Detailed)
See summary here: https://data.lacounty.gov/Sustainability/Stationary-Source-Metal-Emissions-2005-2017-/btsm-x8pn  Air emission of metal HAPs 2005-2017 (lbs) - Detailed Data was derived from annual reports of HAP metal emissions from TRI Explorer for LA County. The data includes total mass of point source and fugitive air emissions for each of the pollutants for each year.
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales Citywide for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes - 2009
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of all neighborhood sales for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes Citywide in 2009.    This list includes all sales of 1-, 2-, and 3-Family Homes' from January 1st, 2009 to December 31, 2009, whose sale price is equal to or more than $150,000.  The Building Class Category for Sales is based on the Building Class at the time of the sale.  Update Schedule: Annually
2017 - 2018 Graduation Outcomes Citywide
"Cohorts of 2001 through 2014 (Classes of 2005 through 2018) Graduation Outcomes as Calculated by the New York State Education Department"
OD0041 Surface Water Quality
This data set provides results for surface water samples (streams, ponds and lakes, estuaries and bays) in Prince Edward Island.
REPRESENTANTES PERIODO 2018 - 2022
Relación de los Representantes a la Cámara en ejercicio en un periodo constitucional, informando el movimiento o partido y comisión constitucional permanente a la que pertenecen, circunscripción, oficina en el Congreso de la República, dato de contacto telefónico y correo electrónico.
Food Inspection
The Licensure & Regulatory Services Program inspects all licensed retail food establishments in Montgomery County for a variety of reasons (e.g. obtaining a permit, regular check-ups, or in response to complaints.) Included in this overall surveillance are two types of inspections that are conducted on a routine basis. The first type, a comprehensive inspection, is a thorough inspection that evaluates the sanitation, maintenance, and food service operations for the facility. This inspection includes many of the items found in the monitoring inspection, such as critical temperatures and food handling procedures. The second type, a monitoring inspection, involves checking the food service operation for critical food temperatures, equipment temperatures, and general food handling / cleanliness practices. While monitoring inspections are not as detailed as environmental inspections, they help ensure that the facility is operating safely throughout the year.    The frequency of inspections is based on the food-borne illness risks associated with the food being processed at a facility. Based on the risk each facility is designated as high, medium, or low priority. High priority risk facilities prepare food products a day or more in advance or utilize any combination of two or more processes such as a cooking, cooling, reheating and hot holding food over four hours. Moderate priority risk facilities prepare and cook food products which are served immediately or within four hours. A low priority risk facility serve prepackage foods that are not potentially hazardous.    For high risk facilities, a monitoring inspection is conducted at least twice a year, and moderate risk facilities are inspected at least once a year. High and moderate risk facilities also receive at least one comprehensive inspection every year. Low risk priority facilities typically receive one comprehensive inspection every two years.    (C) Denotes a Critical Violation. A Critical Violation means a food safety requirement that requires immediate correction. Failure for immediate correction results in cessation of some or all food operations or closure of the facility until violation is able to be corrected.    Update Frequency:  Daily
2014 Census - Dwelling Unit Status (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Obras En Ejecucion Distrito de Barranquilla
Listado de obras en ejecución en el Distrito de Barranquilla
Medical Examiner--2009 Deaths, by Gender, Age, and Race
Updated 10/24/2011.  From the Medical Examiner's 2009 Annual Report, deaths of autopsied people by gender, age range and race.
Trimestre Atención de Comisaria de Familia  Mayo-Junio-Julio  de municipio de los Patios 2018
En lo transcurrido del trimestre de Mayo-Junio-Julio 2018 desde la atencion psicologica se atendieron a N° 313 de personas. En la siguiente tabla se podra identificar los casos que a lo largo del trimestre en mension se atendieron por el equipo de profesionales en psicologia de la comisaria de familia.
Análisis inmobiliario proyectos nuevos en RPH en Sabaneta
Presenta un análisis inmobiliario a los precios de los proyectos nuevos según el Reglamento de Propiedad Horizontal del municipio de Sabaneta.  Conozca estadísticas, indicadores y mapas sobre Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
NOAA - Number of NOAA datasets made openly available via partners' cloud platforms to the public, America’s Weather Enterprise and other environmental information stakeholders
The measure is the cumulative number of instances of NOAA datasets made openly available via partners' cloud platforms through collaborations with selected industry partners.
2017 Median Income
Median income by tract in the past 12 months. Data from ACS 2017.
SITM ALIMENTACIÓN
Sistema integral de transporte masivo, Alimentación información disponible desde el año 2014 hasta mayo de 2019,  Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
DOCENTES CONTRATO POR PROGRAMA 2018-2
Programas académicos a los cuales pertenecen los docentes por contrato en el periodo 2018-2
Council On The Arts Grant Awards:  Beginning 2003
This data set identifies grants awarded by the New York State Council on the Arts, beginning in 2003.  The grants are available to non-profit organizations incorporated and doing business in New York State, Indian tribes in New York State, and units of government in municipalities in New York State.
Learning Model, Enrollment, and Percent Remote by School District
This dataset includes the learning models (in-person, hybrid, and remote) by grade level and the percentage of students who are fully remote by public school district during a given week of the school year.   When an asterisk is displayed, data have been suppressed to safeguard student confidentiality, or to ensure that statistics based on a very small sample size are not interpreted as equally representative as those based on a sufficiently larger sample size. For more information on CSDE data suppression policies, please visit http://edsight.ct.gov/relatedreports/BDCRE%20Data%20Suppression%20Rules.pdf.
Hospital Inpatient Prevention Quality Indicators (PQI) for Adult Discharges by Zip Code (SPARCS): Beginning 2009
This dataset is one of two datasets that contain observed and expected rates for Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Prevention Quality Indicators – Adult (AHRQ PQI) beginning in 2009. The observed rates and expected rates for each AHRQ PQI is presented by either resident county (including a statewide total) or resident zip code (including a statewide total).
Cantidad Pozos Exploratorios Anuales
Es la Cantidad de Pozos Exploratorios perforados por cada año, desde el año 2005 hasta la fecha. Estos pozos corresponden a pozos nuevos en ser perforados en un proyecto. El principal objetivo de estos pozos es establecer la presencia de hidrocarburos. Los datos geológicos tomados de los cortes, los núcleos y los registros, son los objetivos de estos pozos.
pbp_vbid [test]
Plan Finder dataset pbp_vbid [test], released on 2020-10-22.
ARCHIVED - DCL 3.5 Corrective Actions By Operation Type and County FY08-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Percentage of high school students who consumed soda one or more times per day, in the past 7 days, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2009 (odd years only)
Definition: Drank a can, bottle, or glass of soda or pop one or more times per day.      Data Source:  Student Health Survey, Office of Student Support Services, New Jersey Department of Education
AFSC/RACE/FBEP/Laurel: Effects of natural and anthropogenic disturbance on polychaete worm tubes and age-0 flatfish distribution
This dataset is from a field experiment that examined how juvenile flatfish distribution changed with worm tube heterogeneity, i.e. density and patchiness.
Matrícula para Coberturas Netas
Este conjunto de datos representa las matriculas para coberturas netas en transición, primaria, secundaria, media y basica desde el 2011 hasta 2019**   **:Dato parcial Fuente: Coordinación de educación.
Water Hydrants
Locations of hydrants maintained by The City of Calgary. This dataset does not include privately-owned hydrants. For more information visit http://www.calgary.ca/UEP/Water/Pages/Water-and-wastewater-systems/Fire-Hydrants.aspx
FIN - Customer Transactions on Public Transparency Solutions
Number of customer transactions on County public-facing systems that provide or improve transparency into County operations. Data includes transactions on the Open Pierce County portal, the Public Records Request portal, the Remote Piloted Aircract System Program (RPAS) website for drone activity, the GIS open data portal, the Public GIS system, and the Public Nuisance portal.
Balance General Alcaldía Municipal de Inzá Vigencia 2016
Balance General con corte 31 de Diciembre de 2016, de la Alcaldía Municipal de Inzá Cauca, donde se muestra la situación financiera de la entidad territorail
2019-20 Budget Resources Proposed
2019-20 Budget Resources Proposed
Estadísticas de Estudiantes por Nivel de Formación
Cantidad de estudiantes matriculados por nivel de formación en los diferentes programas académicos por ciclos Propedéuticos
Matriculas Depuradas 2020
Matriculas depuradas por la ley 1727 del 2014 articulo 31 por tener mas de 5 años de no renovar su matricula mercantil
Presidentes Juntas de Acción Comunal Santa Sofía
Presidentes Juntas de Acción Comunal Santa Sofía 2016-2020
Traffic Counts for Select Bridges: Beginning 1933
Traffic counts by bridge for 1933 forward for each bridge in the New York State Bridge Authority system.
Street Lights and Outages Reports
Information regarding Dominion Energy owned (city leased) street light locations and types within the city of Norfolk and monthly reporting of street light outages throughout the city.  The data is collected, updated, and maintained by Dominion Energy. The outages reported are those that have been reported by residents.
Encuesta Participación Ciudadana Rendición Cuentas 2017 Villanueva Casanare
La encuesta se realizado con la finalidad de conocer la perspectiva de la ciudadania frente a la Rendición de Cuentas que presenta el Municipio de Villanueva Casanare, para estos se entrevistaron 200 ciudadanos.     De las siguientes áreas la administración municipal, en cuales considera usted, deben abrirse espacios de participación ciudadana?.
Expenditures: ESD: Columbia Gorge: Fiscal Year 2013
ESD Expenditures for FY 2013
Aggregate Ranking Summary
Monthly Aggregate Ranking of the top 5 most popular WiFi Access Points in the CBR Free WiFi Network.
Matriculados 1 semestre 2015 - UPTC
Matriculados del primer semestre del 2015
New Business List - April
Businesses registered with the Secretary of State Corporation Division during the month of April.
ACTQP HTS - Trip Count Categorised by Trip Purpose
This data set provides a count and percentage of trips categorised by the purpose of the trip. This data is from individuals sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey.   A trip is defined as the travel between two main activities, where a stop may constitute a change in transport mode. As an example: driving from home to a park and ride facility, then catching a bus to an interchange, then walking to a shop to purchase an item and finally walking to work is comprised of 4 ‘stops’ and two ‘trips’.   Note: This data represents travel and activity on an average weekday.
Trafico Portuario Marítimo En Colombia vigencia 2016 a junio 2020
Datos en toneladas respecto al movimiento portuario marítimo desde la vigencia 2016 hasta junio de 2020
Renewable Energy Portfolio (2010-2017)
Total 2017 retail sales for each utility operating in LA County disaggregated based on values reported in Power Content Label.  Historical LA County renewable energy as share of total retail sales calculated by aggregating annual retail sales by generation for all utilities operating within LA County for 2010-2017.  In-county Southern California Edison retail sales based on difference between reported retail sales for LA County and the sum of retail sales for utilities operating in LA County, excluding Southern California Edison.
NOAA-Percent Long Range Climate Prediction Center Outlooks Exceeding Threshold
Metric calculated as the percent of Climate Prediction Center long range temperature and precipitation outlooks (monthly and seasonal outlooks) exceeding Heidke Skill Score (HSS) of 10 (10% better than a climatological forecast). Due to the scarcity of long range outlooks (six per month), scores are smoothed over a three year period. To better track results, three individual metrics are tracked – 1) All forecasts combined, 2) Temperature only, and 3) Precipitation only.
Annual Payday Loan Data
Annual aggregate data on payday loans granted in Nova Scotia as reported by lenders. Data includes information on total loans granted, average size of loans, and information on defaults and repeat lending.
NYCHA Resident Data Book Summary
Contains resident demographic data at a summary level as of January 1, 2019. The Resident Data Book is compiled to serve as an information source for queries involving resident demographic as well as a source of data for internal analysis.  Statistics are compiled via HUD mandated annual income reviews involving NYCHA Staff and residents. Data is then aggregated and compiled by development.  Each record pertains to a single public housing development.
pln_stp_thrpy [test]
Plan Finder dataset pln_stp_thrpy [test], released on 2020-10-22.
Indoor Arenas - Ice Surfaces
This dataset lists the City maintained ice surfaces, their facility and dimensions.
Población Beneficiada en Formación Deportiva del Municipio de Villanueva Casanare
Aprovechamiento del tiempo libre a través de Actividades Deportivas y Recreativas dirigidas a la población del Municipio de Villanueva Casanare”,  Según Informe Rendición de Cuentas vigencia 2017.
Current And Proposed Commercial And Utility-scale Renewable Solar PV Energy Facilities In Utah T6.4 2012
Current And Proposed Commercial And Utility-scale Renewable Solar PV Energy Facilities In Utah T6.4 2012
Municipal General Operating Revenues by Source - 10 Years Summary
Non-Consolidated statement of revenue of the General Operating Fund (by revenue source) - Regionals, Rurals and Towns for the last 10 fiscal years (2009-2010 to 2018-2019)
2015 - 2016 School Closure Discharge Reporting District SWD
New York City public schools closed for poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 043
311 Generated Service Requests
This dataset shows the types and number of service requests generated from phone calls to 311.
Juntas de Accion Comunal legalmente constituidas en la Salina
Información basica sobre las Juntas de Accion Comunal
Sandy DOT Master Data
This is a report for all the relevant columns of DOT - The Amount Allocated, Obligated and Paid broken down by federal agency, program, site, rouite, location, county, and municipality. It also includes Description of repair being done.
SLE6 Economic Health - Businesses
Total number of businesses by industry sector (NAICS) as reported by the California Economic Development Department.
Halifax Explosion Remembrance Book database, 1917-1918
The 'Halifax Explosion Remembrance Book' is the first really definitive listing for those killed in the disaster of 6 December 1917. The online version features a searchable database with detailed information for 1946 casualties - more than 300 of whom are recently-confirmed and identified victims.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.     This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016.
Indicadores de Calidad Primer Semestre Vigencia 2019
Indicadores de Calidad reportados al Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social, reportados de acuerdo al Decreto 2193 de 2004, correspondientes a los dominios de seguridad, experiencia en la atención y otros indicadores del primer semestre de la vigencia 2019.
Condiciones de vida, pobreza y desigualdad en la población Sisbenizada de Sabaneta
Conozca las condiciones de vida de la población sisbenizada en la zona urbana y rural del municipio de Sabaneta, en temáticas cómo salud, tenencia de servicios públicos, tenencia de vivienda, actividad, entre otros.  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Department of Municipal Affairs and Housing Funding Programs
The Department of Municipal Affairs and Housing administers a variety of programs that provide funding to municipalities and not-for-profit community groups. This dataset includes a list of the funding programs that are administered by Department of Municipal Affairs and Housing. Information include: Funding Program, Area, Year, Actual Funding Amount.
DOCENTES CATEDRÁTICOS POR GENERO 2018-2
Determinación del genero de los docentes catedráticos para el periodo 2018-2
Hyperlipidemia (High Cholesterol)
Basic Metadata Note: condition new in 2017. *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.  **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.  ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander. ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Daily Ozone Air Quality Exceedances (2005-2017)
Percentage of daily samples taken over a 365.25 day period exceeding state 8-hour ozone standard (>0.07 PPM) for each air quality subregion. Data from SCAQMD annual air quality summary tables and CARB iADAM query tables. Data presented as percentages based on the days of data.
Utah 4th Congressional District Population, Employment, Education Statistics 2014
Utah First Congressional District Population, Employment, Education Statistics from the American Community Survey
Aircraft Parking Activity Records at SFO
Aircraft parking records including airlines, aircraft types, parking spot, and dates
Producción de Servicios
Producción de Servicios del Hospital Federico Lleras Acosta de Ibagué Trimestralmente
Median Property Value
Median Property Value (Dollars) - B25077   County and State values are from the ACS 1 Year Survey  Universe: Owner-occupied housing units
EPS Citizen Survey Results
This dataset provides results from EPS's Online Citizen Insight Panel, and the previous telephone citizen surveys.   More information on the latest EPS Citizen Survey can be found at:  http://www.edmontonpolicecommission.com/reports/citizen-survey-results/
Oregon InC Grants and Loans
Annual grants or loans from the Oregon Innovation Council (Oregon InC) under ORS 284.735 (Oregon Commercialization Research Fund) or ORS 284.742 (Oregon Innovation Fund) from Fiscal Years 2016-2019. For more information visit https://www.oregon4biz.com/Innovate-&-Create/Oregon-InC/About/
clasificación general de suelo PBOT 2013
clasificación general de suelo PBOT 2013
Invoices and Purchase Orders for City Goods and Supplies
List of all vendors who have submitted an invoice to the City of Los Angeles. Data sourced from the Supply Management System (SMS) and the General Services Department (GSD).
Directorio de instituciones educativas de Icononzo
Instituciones educativas del municipio de Icononzo
1920B_Grand Jury
Performance measures dataset
Attrition from Academy
This Indicator measures the attrition rate by race/ethnicity of police officers from the Oakland Police Department’s Academies over the past 3 years (since the start of 2015). This includes the last six OPD academies (172nd-177th) as well as lateral academies and SFPD-managed academies.
Contratación Contraloría Manizales 2018
Consolidado de contratación efectuada por la Contraloría General del Municipio de Manizales en la vigencia 2018.
30 Year Revenue Breakdown
Provides a breakdown of Revenue over the span of 30 years.
New York City Fleet Daily Service Report
The Daily Fleet Service Report provides information on overall vehicle availability for all agencies within the City fleet, including the "DCAS Managed" fleet, which serves a number of Mayoral agencies.  It also includes the Critical Fleet Summary, which tracks availability of vehicles assigned to key programs or functions, as well as availability of seasonal vehicles.  For more information, visit http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/employees/fleet.shtml.
FY14 Budget-Internal Service Funds
This dataset includes the Internal Service Fund data included in the annual operating budget. Internal Service Funds (ISF) are proprietary funds used to record activity (primarily goods and services) provided by one department to other departments of the County government on a cost-reimbursable basis. The County uses this type of fund to account for Motor Pool, Central Duplicating, Liability and Property Coverage Self-Insurance, and Employee Health Benefits Self-Insurance. Update Frequency: Annual
Escenarios Deportivos Municipio La Dorada Caldas
Ubicación de los escenarios deportivos del Municipio de La Dorada, Caldas.
Total De Poblaciòn Despalzada Por Vigencias-  Municipio De San Cayetano
Total de población desplazada y/o victima radicada en el municipio de san cayetano, vigencias  2015, 2016 , 2017 y 2019
Department Of Health Contracts Started Or Amended During State Fiscal Year 2017
A partial list of contracts the State Department of Health started or amended between July 1, 2016 and June 30, 2017. Includes grants, loans, and contracts for goods and professional services tracked in the department's primary contract database, the Enterprise Contract Management System (ECMS). It does not include contracts with Washington's local health jurisdictions, contracts for expert witnesses, purchase orders, contracts issued by the department but not tracked in ECMS, or contracts exempt from disclosure under state or federal regulation. Acronyms are used for doing business as (DBA), statement of work (SOW), and period of performance (POP).
Weather Station in Lowry Range Colorado 2014
Weather data on temperature, humidity, wind, precipitation, and irradiance from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) for the Lowry station, from May 30, 2008 to January 30, 2014.
State of Delaware Checkbook
Financial data on state purchases and payments made to vendors.
Miles Of Streets
A report compiled for the Controller's Office containing miles of City streets broken out by jurisdiction.
SF Development Pipeline 2020 Q1
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly. For more information please see http://sf-planning.org/pipeline-report A data dictionary can be downloaded from here: https://sfplanninggis.s3.amazonaws.com/PipelineDataDictionary.xlsx
School Breakfast Participation By State Totals 2010-2014
School Breakfast Participation By State Totals 2010-2014
OFM - Score for maintaining compliance and alignment with OMB initiatives
Reflects the status of each administrative / business system in maintaining compliance and alignment with OMB initiatives, including the guiding principles reflected in the OMB system modernization requirements, data center consolidation requirements, and cloud computing requirements
Normatividad Municipio de Charalá Santander
Normatividad Municipio de Charalá Santander Publicadas en la pagina Web
Downtown Public Places - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many, from the March 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5WM7loCI0KkDUZuGrPnJ7d?t=1    Open from March 20-27, 2018.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,507 Insight Community Members. 2,169 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 29%. A total of 2,180 respondents completed the survey: 2,169 Insight Community Members and 3 from the call to action button on our webpage and 8 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Hamilton County Block Group Populations - 2018
Population for block groups in Hamilton County in 2018. Data from 2018 ACS 5 year survey.
Readmissions Complications And Deaths Hospitals In Utah
Readmissions, Complications and Deaths - provider data. This data set includes provider data for 30-day death and readmission measures, the hip/knee complication measure, and the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) measures of serious complications for Utah Hospitals.
Educación en el Tolima
Educación en el Tolima
Tourism Information Centers
Staffed Tourism Information Centers (TIC) are located at several travel plazas and interchanges along the Thruway system. At these centers, travelers may obtain literature about destinations and attractions in New York State and directional assistance.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2019 - Obstruction
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2018 to September 30, 2019.
LISTADO DE ORGANIZACIONES
LISTADO DE ORGANIZACIONES
City Fleet Vehicles
Attributes about all City-owned automobiles, heavy-equipment, and trailers maintained by the City's Fleet Services division. This includes off-road and on-road equipment.  Basic attributes of each vehicle is provided as well as usage and fuel consumption histories.
Lake Mead Total Water Acreage 1937-2019
This data set contains total water acreage for Lake Mead from 1937-2019.  This data comes from the US Bureau of Reclamation.
Whyte Ave Programmable Space - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the May Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=310&t=1. Open from May 11 - 19, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2,709 Insight Community Members. 1115 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1210 respondents completed the survey: 1115 Insight Community Members and 95 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Coronary Heart Disease (CHD)/ Stroke
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Bronx After-School Programs
Bronx After-School Programs. Source: Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD)
Feed the Future Zambia Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence, Women's File
Feed the Future Zambia Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence: This dataset is the data for all women age 15-49 with a completed interview captured in Module H of the questionnaire (n=932, vars=112).
Reading proficiency by community poverty level
[HSA reading scores at or above proficient level, as a percentage of all public school students tested in Grades 3, 5, 8, and 10 (combined), by Native Hawaiian and non-Hawaiian, by poverty level in high school complex, SY 2011–12, Hawai‘i]
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Reported Service Units by Month of Senior Center Contracted Providers
Reported Units of Service by Month of registered and contracted agencies providing Senior Center Services.
Skilled Nursing Facility Quality Reporting Program - National Data
Skilled Nursing Facilities (SNFs) provide Medicare Part A SNF services to beneficiaries and must report data on certain measures of quality to Medicare through the Skilled Nursing Facility Quality Reporting Program (SNF QRP).  This file contains national averages on quality measures implemented under the IMPACT Act.
Pet  Licenses by Neighbourhood
Distribution of various licensed pets (cats, dogs, pigeons) by neighbourhood
Checkouts By Title (Physical Items)
This dataset includes a log of all physical item checkouts from Seattle Public Library. The dataset begins with checkouts that occurring in April 2005.  Renewals are not included. Have a question about this data? Ask us!  Data Notes: There is a machine-readable data dictionary available to help you understand the collection and item codes. Access from here:  https://data.seattle.gov/Community/Integrated-Library-System-ILS-Data-Dictionary/pbt3-ytbc  Also: 1. "CheckoutDateTime" (the timestamp field) is rounded to the nearest minute. 2. "itemType" is a code from the catalog record that describes the type of item. Some of the more common codes are: acbk (adult book), acdvd (adult DVD), jcbk (children's book), accd (adult CD) 3. "Collection" is a collection code  from the catalog record which describes the item. Here are some common examples: nanf (adult non-fiction), nafic(adult fiction), ncpic(children's picture book),  nycomic (Young adult comic books). 4. "Subjects" includes the subjects and subject subdivisions from the item record.
Esquema de publicacion Viracacha 2020
Esquema de publicación Muncipio de de viracachá
Atlantic Quarterly Summer 2017 Collaborative Teams
The data set represents the results of commissioned questions in the public opinion survey conducted in August 2017 via Corporate Research Associate’s omnibus survey.  These commissioned questions relate to public opinion and behaviour regarding the Health Care delivery model, specifically collaborative teams.  Overall results are provided for each question and results are also broken down by various demographic markers (age, gender, geographic region, education level and household income).
National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) - National Cardiovascular Disease Surveillance System
1999-2000 forward.  The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) is a program of studies designed to assess the health and nutritional status of adults and children in the United States. The survey is unique in that it combines interviews and physical examinations. Indicators from this data source have been computed by personnel in CDC's Division for Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention (DHDSP). This is one of the datasets provided by the National Cardiovascular Disease Surveillance System. The system is designed to integrate multiple indicators from many data sources to provide a comprehensive picture of the public health burden of CVDs and associated risk factors in the United States. The data can be plotted as trends and stratified by age group, sex, and race/ethnicity.
Feed the Future Northern Kenya Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence, Non-Food Expenditures Over the Past 7 Days
Feed the Future Northern Kenya Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence: This dataset (n=18,300, vars=17) contains variables from sub-Module E2, Non-Food Expenditures over Past 7 Days. Each household with data for non-food expenditurs over the past week has multiple records (for the 10 non-food items in sub-Module E2) (18,300 records divided by 10 non-food items=1,830 Module E households with sub-Module E2 data.)
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2008
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2008
Contracts: ESD: High Desert: Fiscal Year 2013
Contracts for High Desert ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
Feed the Future Tajikistan Zone of Influence Population Based Survey, Household Members Data
The baseline survey in Tajikistan captures data in the Feed the Future Zones of Influence (ZOI), comprised of 12 of the 24 districts in Khatlon province. A total of 2,000 households in the ZOI were surveyed for the PBS data collection activity. These households are spread across 100 standard enumeration areas in the targeted districts. The survey is comprised of ten CSV files: a children's file, a household-level file, a household member level file, a women's file, several files describing consumption, and two files used to construct the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index. This file reports survey results related to household members.
Sedes Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca
Conjunto de datos abiertos que contiene la información correspondiente a la localización física y datos de contacto de las diferentes sedes de la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca.
Performance Metrics - Public Health - Percent Served at STI Specialty Clinics
The Chicago Department of Public Health (CDPH) Division of STD/HIV/AIDS Public Policy and Programs works in partnership with communities to advance the prevention and treatment of HIV and sexually transmitted infections (STIs).  CDPH maintains drop-in STI Specialty Clinics & HIV Early Intervention Services in South Austin, Englewood, Roseland, Lakeview and West Town that diagnose and treat STIs and provide information about condom use and other STI prevention methods.  These clinics are offered at no cost, and on a first-come, first-serve basis.  This metric tracks the percent of patients served by the STI Specialty Clinics per month out of the total number of people who seek care.  The monthly performance goal is to serve 100% of those seeking care.  For more information about City STI/HIV/AIDS Services, see http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/cdph/provdrs/sti_hiv_aids.html
Housing Permits including Assisted Living Units
Housing Unit permits from 2016 - 2018 for Single, Duplex, Multi and Assisted Living Units
Directory Of Homeless Population By Year
Table of homeless population by Year (for years 2009 through 2012)
Volumen De Las Importaciones Inspeccionadas Por El ICA En Los Principales Renglones Agrícolas
Importaciones inspeccionadas en los principales renglones agrícolas desde el 2012
Utah Hospice Medicare Provider Data 2015
This data set contains Medicare payments to Hospice providers in Utah and various other measures such as skilled nursing and physician visits per patient, social service and home health visits per facility.
Mortalidad Por Egreso  2011-2018
Mortalidad clasificada por grupo CIE-10 para las vigencias comprendidas entre el año 2011 y 2018.
Oregon Medicaid Covered and Non-Covered Dental Codes
This document pertains to services provided on or after January 1, 2020. Copyright Notice: Current Dental Terminology © 2020 American Dental Association. All rights reserved. Applicable FARS/DFARS apply.	  "Not covered" codes are not part of the OHP Plus benefit package, or are for services that are incidental to another service and not reimbursed separately. Where applicable, please refer to Prioritized List placement, Guideline Notes and OARs listed for each code for complete information regarding benefit coverage and limitations.  For services billed as medical, use the CMS-1500 claim format, CPT/HCPCS codes and ICD-10-CM diagnosis codes. (This list may not note every dental code that has a corresponding medical code.)  To find fee-for-service reimbursement rates, view the OHP Fee-for-Service Fee Schedule at http://www.oregon.gov/oha/hsd/ohp/pages/fee-schedule.aspx. This schedule represents a given point in time and may not include payable codes that were added to MMIS after the posted fee schedule date.
Vital Signs: Population – by tract
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Population (LU1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Population estimates  LAST UPDATED March 2020  DESCRIPTION Population is a measurement of the number of residents that live in a given geographical area, be it a neighborhood, city, county or region.  DATA SOURCES U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census No link available (1960-1990) http://factfinder.census.gov (2000-2010)  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates Table E-6: County Population Estimates (1961-1969) Table E-4: Population Estimates for Counties and State (1971-1989) Table E-8: Historical Population and Housing Estimates (2001-2018) Table E-5: Population and Housing Estimates (2011-2019) http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census - via Longitudinal Tract Database Spatial Structures in the Social Sciences, Brown University Population Estimates (1970 - 2010) http://www.s4.brown.edu/us2010/index.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 5-Year Population Estimates (2011-2018) http://factfinder.census.gov  U.S. Census Bureau: Intercensal Estimates Estimates of the Intercensal Population of Counties (1970-1979) Intercensal Estimates of the Resident Population (1980-1989) Population Estimates (1990-1999) Annual Estimates of the Population (2000-2009) Annual Estimates of the Population (2010-2018) No link available (1970-1989) http://www.census.gov/popest/data/metro/totals/1990s/tables/MA-99-03b.txt http://www.census.gov/popest/data/historical/2000s/vintage_2009/metro.html https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-total-metro-and-micro-statistical-areas.html  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) All legal boundaries and names for Census geography (metropolitan statistical area, county, city, and tract) are as of January 1, 2010, released beginning November 30, 2010, by the U.S. Census Bureau. A Priority Development Area (PDA) is a locally-designated area with frequent transit service, where a jurisdiction has decided to concentrate most of its housing and jobs growth for development in the foreseeable future. PDA boundaries are current as of August 2019. For more information on PDA designation see http://gis.abag.ca.gov/website/PDAShowcase/.  Population estimates for Bay Area counties and cities are from the California Department of Finance, which are as of January 1st of each year. Population estimates for non-Bay Area regions are from the U.S. Census Bureau. Decennial Census years reflect population as of April 1st of each year whereas population estimates for intercensal estimates are as of July 1st of each year. Population estimates for Bay Area tracts are from the decennial Census (1970 -2010) and the American Community Survey (2008-2012 5-year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Estimates of population density for tracts use gross acres as the denominator.  Population estimates for Bay Area PDAs are from the decennial Census (1970 - 2010) and the American Community Survey (2006-2010 5 year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Population estimates for PDAs are derived from Census population counts at the tract level for 1970-1990 and at the block group level for 2000-2018. Population from either tracts or block groups are allocated to a PDA using an area ratio. For example, if a quarter of a Census block group lies with in a PDA, a quarter of its population will be allocated to that PDA. Tract-to-PDA and block group-to-PDA area ratios are calculated using gross acres. Estimates of population density for PDAs use gross acres as the denominator.   Annual population estimates for metropolitan areas outside the Bay Area are from the Census and are benchmarked to each decennial Census. The annual estimates in the 1990s were not updated to match the 2000 benchmark.  The following is a l
Lead Window Replacement Data
Data on the use of grant funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and the City of Saint Paul to replace deteriorating windows painted with lead-based paint.
Directorio de Municipios y Alcaldías del Departamento de Putumayo
Información  sobre los municipios y  alcaldías del departamento de Putumayo
Cache County Sheriff Police Crime Data
Cache County Sheriff Police data
LA County Solid Waste Programs by City (2016)
Raw data (2016) obtained as a PDF from CalRecycle. Data includes waste reduction and diversion programs categorized by Program Codes (https://www.calrecycle.ca.gov/lgcentral/paris/Codes) indicating number and type of program by city.
2013 - 2018 Borough ELA Results
Borough results on the New York State (NYS) ELA exam
Iowa Population by Poverty Status (Past 12 Months), Sex and Educational Attainment (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains Iowa population estimates by poverty status (past 12 months), sex and educational attainment for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B17003.  Poverty status includes the following: All Levels, Below Poverty Level, and Above Poverty Level.  Sex includes the following: Both, Male and Female.  Educational attainment includes the following: All Educational Levels, Less than High School Graduate, High School Graduate, Some College/Associate's Degree, and Bachelor's Degree or Higher.
Parkville-Small-Business-Data
Data provided by the Community & Small Business Development Division of Development Services.  Updated Annually.
Juvenile Arrests
Juvenile arrests in Fort Lauderdale 2015-2020
Feed the Future Malawi: Baseline Household Survey, Household Data Used for the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index
This dataset describes data about the households that participated in this baseline survey collected for the express purpose of calculating the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index (WEAI).  The spreadsheet has 233 columns and 4,880 rows.  The Malawi Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in seven districts in the Central and Southern Regions: Mchinji, Lilongwe, Dedza, Ntcheu, Balaka, Machinga, and Mangochi.  The PBS was conducted from November 14 to December 22, 2012.  The overall objective of the survey is to provide baseline on data living standards, nutritional status, and women's empowerment in agriculture in the Zone Of Influence.  A total of 3,397 households in the ZOI were interviewed for the PBS, and these households were spread across 126 rural standard enumeration areas (SEAs) in the seven districts.
Monthly Modal Time Series
Modal Service and Safety & Security time series delineated by month. Includes all Full Reporters to the National Transit Database. Time Series will be updated monthly.
Establecimientos Comerciales
Establecimientos Comerciales Puerto López Meta
AFD Fire Incidents 2016 January Thru December
Fire Incidents in City of Austin Full Purpose which AFD responded on (does not include medical calls).    See Attachment for Metadata PDF.     Data Descriptions  MasterIncidentNumber = unique identifier for individual incidents. If you encounter multiple rows with same MasterIncident number, it is b/c that incident had a multi-unit response.  Please refer to RespondingUnit to determine the number of units responding to the individual incident.     CalendarYear = calendar year in which individual incident occurred    Month = month in which individual incident occurred    DayOfMonth = calendar date in which individual incident occurred (Ex: 10 = 10th day in month)    Call_Type = generalized description of incident type for individual incidents.     Battalion = Battalion in which individual incident occurred. A Battalion is a geographic boundary used for management of stations (Ex: Station 1, 2, 3, 4 are in Battalion 1)    Jurisdiction = Boundary of jurisdiction/department in which individual incident occurred. AFD = City of Austin Full Purpose     ResponseArea = Small geographic boundary (often tied to a specific stations) in which individual incident occurred. Ex: 00-0101 is a ResponseArea for Station 1.  Also referred to as Fire Box.    TSUPResponseStatus = Level of response.  Code 1 = no lights/sirens, travels speedlimit.  Code 3 = lights/sirens, will travel faster than speedlimit.  Priority Description = Level of Priority of incident. Number equals priority (3 = Priority 3), letter equals general incident type (F=Fire)    Responding Unit = Units which responded to individual incident     District = Boundary of City Council single-member district in which individual incident occurred    Latitude = non-decimal latitude.  Please use this formula to calculate for GIS geolocating = latitude *0.000001    Longitude = non-decimal longitude.  Please use this formula to calculate for GIS geolocating = longitude * -.000001
ORGANIZACIONES DE BASE Y CONSEJOS COMUNITARIOS DEL MUNICIPIO DE ARAUCA - 2020
ORGANIZACIONES DE BASE Y CONSEJOS COMUNITARIOS DEL MUNICIPIO DE ARAUCA - 2020
Pierce County Basemap
Basemap polygon features for Pierce County including the county, city and some federal boundaries, the Puget Sound, and major lakes.  This layer is intended for cartographic purposes only and should not be used as official boundaries.   Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_basemap.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Child Care Centers – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2018-2019
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b>meal reimbursement for sites participating as Child Care Centers in CACFP for program year 2018-2019.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  <b>This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites operating as Child Care Centers.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care centers, Head Start centers, emergency shelters, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal. <p>  An overview of <b>all CACFP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/iekx-7mdi target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Child and Adult Care Food Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.<p>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP), and the summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i>
Plan Anual de Adquisiciones Vigencia 2019 Subachoque
Plan Anual de Adquisiciones Vigencia 2019 Subachoque.
Missouri Monthly Unemployment Claims By Age
Demographic data of Missouri Unemployment claims by age
Resultados Saber TyT Competencias Genericas_2019-1
Resultados Saber TyT Competencias Genericas
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Market Prices Dataset
This dataset contains information about the market prices received by the household for each crop they brought to market. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
REGISTRO ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN UNIBAC
Registro de Activos de información
Multi-Modal Intelligent Traffic Signal Systems Basic Safety Message
The data attached and/or displayed were collected during the Multi-Modal Intelligent Transportation Signal Systems (MMITSS) study. MMITSS is a next-generation traffic signal system that seeks to provide a comprehensive traffic information framework to service all modes of transportation.  A BSM is one of the messages belonging to the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) J2735 Standard. This standard is geared toward supporting the interoperability of DSRC applications through the use of a standardized message set and its data frames and data elements. A BSM, which is at times referred to as a “heartbeat” message, is a frequently transmitted message (usually at approximately 10Hz) that is meant to increase a vehicle’s situational awareness. These messages are intended to be used for a variety of applications to exchange safety data regarding a vehicle’s state.   	A typical BSM contains up to two parts. Part I, the binary large object (blob), is included in every BSM. It contains the fundamental data elements that describe a vehicle’s position (latitude, longitude, elevation) and motion (heading, speed, acceleration). Part II of a BSM contains optional data that is transmitted when required or in response to an event. Typically Part II contains data that serves as an extension of vehicle safety information (path history, path prediction, event flags) and data pertaining to the status of a vehicle’s components, such as lights, wipers, and brakes.   NOTE: All extra attachments are located in Multi-Modal Intelligent Traffic Signal Systems Basic Safety Messages such as MAP, Detectors, and Simulation results
Street Hail Livery (SHL) Drivers - Active
<b>PLEASE NOTE:</b> This dataset, which includes all TLC Licensed Drivers who are in good standing and able to drive, is updated every day in the evening between 4-7pm. Please check the 'Last Update Date' field to make sure the list has updated successfully. 'Last Update Date'  should show either today or yesterday's date, depending on the time of day. If the list is outdated, please download the most recent list from the link below.   http://www1.nyc.gov/assets/tlc/downloads/datasets/tlc_shl_drivers_active.csv    NYC TLC licensed drivers that are currently active, in good standing and authorized to operate Street Hail Livery (SHL) vehicles. This list is accurate to the date and time represented in the Last Date Updated and Last Time Updated fields. For inquiries about the contents of this dataset, please email licensinginquiries@tlc.nyc.gov.
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Seniors by Household Type
Seniors by Household Type. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B09020.
Educator Salary Distribution
This dataset contains counts of full-time staff across 12 salary ranges. Data is aggregated at the state, district, and school level. Additionally, the data are aggregated by job classification, education level, gender, race, and experience.
Report Card Assessment Data 2016-17 School Year
This file includes Report Card assessment data from 2016-17 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information.
Shotspotter Data 9-16-15 To 10-6-15
PRR 11288 Shotspotter Data
Unintentional Poisoning Death Rate (per 100,000 persons), New Jersey, Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of deaths due to unintentional poisoning (per 100,000)    Definition:  Deaths with unintentional poisoning by and exposure to noxious substances as the underlying cause of death ICD-10 codes: X40-X49 (includes poisoning by legal and illegal drugs, alcohol, gases and vapors such as carbon monoxide and automobile exhaust, pesticides, and other chemicals and noxious substances)    Data Sources:     (1) Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. Compressed Mortality File. CDC WONDER On-line Database    (2)Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    (3) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
[ARCHIVED] Canadian Community Health Survey 2005
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports health indicators.  Health status, body mass index, mental health status, presence of health conditions, health practices, access to health care, belonging to community, activity restrictions, access to home care.  Geographies available: district health authorities
Howard County General Employees Salary Schedule: FY 2018
General Employees Salary Schedule for Fiscal Year 2018
DOCR PREA Incidents
This dataset includes details regarding substantiated, unsubstantiated, or unfounded Prison Rate Elimination Acts (PREA) that occurred in Montgomery County's correctional facilities.
Water Quality Sampling Data
Data collected to assess water quality conditions in the natural creeks, aquifers and lakes in the Austin area. This is raw data, provided directly from our Field Sample database (FSDB) and should be considered provisional. Data may or may not have been reviewed by project staff.
FY2015 MI Business Development Program Report
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/FY2015-Michigan-Strategic-Fund-Act-Annual-Report/wrfw-fizh
Office of The Comptroller: Teachers Retirement System Holdings Data
This dataset sets forth the Teachers Retirement System  holdings (both equity and fixed income) of the identified pension/retirement system as of the close of the fiscal year.
Instituciones Educativas del Municipio
Aquí encontraremos las instituciones y sus sedes respectivas que pertenecen al área urbana y rural de Nuestro Municipio.
PLACE OF WORK COMMUTING CHARACTERISTICS
Adapted from American Community Survey table S0801 COMMUTING CHARACTERISTICS BY SEX  2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates  ACS Table: S0801    Data has to be manually populated because API is not built for this dataset. Total population columns used.
2010-11 Discharge Reporting by School - HS
Local Law 42, enacted in 2011, requires the New York City Department of Education (DOE) to report to the New York City Council by June 30, 2015  the number of students in grades 9 through 12 who were discharged, transferred, or graduated during the school year. The data reflected here is the discharge and transfer for all students in grades 9 - 12.       Discharge and Transfer Reporting for all students in grades 9 - 12.
TCP-Colectivo de empresas Rutas Transpiedecuesta
Histórico Enero 2014-Mayo 2019 , Capacidad transportadora ,pasajeros, distancia promedio, frecuencia promedio transporte colectivo Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Section L1 Food Consumption by Head of Household
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
Inventario de activos de Información
Inventario de activos de información e indice de información clasificada y reservada
Vital Signs: Vulnerability to Sea Level Rise - Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Vulnerability to Sea Level Rise (EN11)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Share of population living in zones at risk from various sea level rise forecast scenarios    LAST UPDATED  July 2017    DESCRIPTION  Vulnerability to sea level rise refers to the share of the historical and current Bay Area population located in areas at risk from forecasted sea level rise over the coming decades. Given that there are varying forecasts for the heightened high tides (i.e., mean highest high water mark), projected sea level impacts are presented for six scenarios ranging from a one foot rise to six feet. A neighborhood is considered vulnerable to sea level rise when at least 10 percent of its land area is forecasted to be inundated by peak high tides in the coming years. The dataset includes at-risk population and population share data for the region, counties, and neighborhoods.				    DATA SOURCE  San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission/Metropolitan Transportation Commission ART (Adaption to Rising Tides) Bay Area Sea Level Rise Analysis and Mapping Project  2017  Sea Level Rise Maps  http://www.adaptingtorisingtides.org/project/regional-sea-level-rise-mapping-and-shoreline-analysis/    U.S. Census Bureau  1990-2010  Decennial Census  http://factfinder2.census.gov    U.S. Census Bureau  2015  American Community Survey  http://factfinder2.census.gov    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Projected areas of inundation were developed by BCDC and NOAA at one-foot intervals ranging from one foot to four feet of sea level rise. Regional and local sea level rise analysis is based on data from BCDC’s ART (Adapting to Rising Tides) Bay Area Sea Level Rise and Mapping Project. This data reflects the most up-to-date and detailed sea level rise mapping for the Bay Area. Sea level rise analysis for metro areas is based on national sea level rise mapping from NOAA, which is best for metro-to-metro comparison. To determine the impacts on historical and current populations, inundation areas were overlaid on a U.S. Census shapefile of 2010 Census tracts using Census Bureau population data.     Because census tracts can extend beyond the coastline, the baseline scenario of zero feet was used to determine existing sea level coverage of census tracts. Sea level rise refers to the change from this level. The area of the tract was determined by measuring the component of the tract area not currently under water. This area, rather than the total tract area, was used as the denominator to determine the percentage of the census tract that is inundated under future sea level rise projection scenarios. When at least 10 percent of tract land area is inundated with a given sea level, its residents are considered to be affected by sea level rise.    For the purpose of this analysis, SLR scenarios were assumed not to reflect periodic inundation due to extreme weather events, which may lead to an even greater share of residents affected on a less frequent basis. Prior to the impacts from sea level rise, neighborhoods will experience temporary flooding from extreme weather events which can create significant damage to homes and neighborhoods. It should be noted that by directly reviewing maps and tools through the ART (Adapting to Rising Tides) program, regular inundation sea level rise and temporary flooding from extreme weather events are both available. More information on this approach is available here: http://www.adaptingtorisingtides.org/project/regional-sea-level-rise-mapping-and-shoreline-analysis/    Sea level rise analysis for metro areas reflects local, as opposed to global, sea level rise. Recent data has shown sea level is rising faster in the southeast region of the United States. Regional differences in the rate of sea level rise. More information and data related to the rate of sea level rise for different coastal regions is available here: https://oc
NYPD Complaint Data Current (Year To Date)
This dataset includes all valid felony, misdemeanor, and violation crimes reported to the New York City Police Department (NYPD) for all complete quarters so far this year (2019). For additional details, please see the attached data dictionary in the ‘About’ section.
Campaign Finance - Covered Transfer Dataset
This table lists the candidates and/or ballot measure that were either supported or opposed by the covered transfers reported on the City of Austin's ATX 8 Report of Covered Transfers Supporting Direct Campaign Expenditures Form. For more information about the covered transfer, you can view the Campaign Finance - Expenditures dataset: https://data.austintexas.gov/City-Government/Campaign-Finance-Expenditures-Dataset/gd3e-xut2
Vital Signs: Income (Median by Place of Residence) – by metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Income (EC4)  FULL MEASURE NAME Household income by place of residence  LAST UPDATED May 2019  DESCRIPTION Income reflects the median earnings of individuals and households from employment, as well as the income distribution by quintile. Income data highlight how employees are being compensated for their work on an inflation-adjusted basis.	  DATA SOURCE U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census Count 4Pb (1970) Form STF3 (1980-1990) Form SF3a (2000) https://nhgis.org  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey Form B19013 (2006-2017; place of residence) http://api.census.gov  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index All Urban Consumers Data Table (1970-2017; specific to each metro area) http://data.bls.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Income data reported in a given year reflects the income earned in the prior year (decennial Census) or in the prior 12 months (American Community Survey); note that this inconsistency has a minor effect on historical comparisons (for more information, go to: http://www.census.gov/acs/www/Downloads/methodology/ASA_nelson.pdf). American Community Survey 1-year data is used for larger geographies – metropolitan areas and counties – while smaller geographies rely upon 5-year rolling average data due to their smaller sample sizes. Quintile income for 1970-2000 is imputed from Decennial Census data using methodology from the California Department of Finance (for more information, go to: http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Census_Data_Center_Network/documents/How_to_Recalculate_a_Median.pdf). Bay Area income is the population weighted average of county-level income.  Income has been inflated using the Consumer Price Index specific to each metro area; however, some metro areas lack metro-specific CPI data back to 1970 and therefore adjusted data is unavailable for some historical data points. Note that current MSA boundaries were used for historical comparison by identifying counties included in today’s metro areas.
4820B_Waste Management
Performance measures dataset
NYPD Shooting Incident Data (Year To Date)
List of every shooting incident that occurred in NYC  during the current calendar year.    This is a breakdown of every shooting incident that occurred in NYC during the current calendar year. This data is manually extracted every quarter and reviewed by the Office of Management Analysis and Planning before being posted on the NYPD website.    Each record represents a shooting incident in NYC and includes information about the event, the location and time of occurrence. In addition, information related to suspect and victim demographics is also included. This data can be used by the public to explore the nature of police enforcement activity. Please refer to the attached data footnotes for additional information about this dataset.
Health and Wellness
Health and Wellness measures the percentage of survey respondents who report they have increased health and wellness due to participation in services and programs offered by the City of Edmonton. The survey results were collected as part of the 2014 Community Services Client Outcome Survey Program. This program collects data from users of facilities, programs and services offered by Edmonton Community Services.
Maryland Total Change in Resident Population: 2010-2019
Total Change in Resident Population in Maryland and its Jurisdictions by year from  2010 to 2019
Bike Share Inspections
DOT field inspectors conduct inspections and issue tickets in real-time to the Bike Share system operator according to service level agreements. Stations, kiosks, docks, and bicycles are checked.
SUPERFICIE SEMBRADA EN HORTALIZAS AÑO 2016 ( Hectáreas)
SUPERFICIE SEMBRADA EN HORTALIZAS AÑO 2016 ( Hectáreas)
Consolidado Gestión Subdirección de Auditoría y Gestión del Riesgo
En este conjunto de datos se presentan los resultados de la gestión misional de la Agencia ITRC a través de la Subdirección de Auditoría y Gestión del Riesgo - SAGR. La información aquí presentada, corresponde a las cifras semestrales asociadas a las inspecciones realizadas a las entidades foco (DIAN, COLJUEGOS y UGPP) y que cuentan con un informe final plenamente conocido por la entidad inspeccionada.   Se presentan cifras a partir de la vigencia 2014, puesto que si bien la Agencia ITRC fue creada en 2011, la SAGR comenzó su gestión sólo hasta el año 2013 por lo cual las primeras inspecciones adelantadas fueron concluidas en el primer semestre de 2014.  La estructura del conjunto de datos fue acordada entre la Agencia ITRC y la Contraloría General de la Republica.
HS Dataset ADR seniors
Seniors serviced by Aging and Disability division
Bronx 311 Industrial Waste 2010-current
311 Industrial Waste complaints
Contratos Firmados Numerados y Publicados en el Secop de la Secretaria de Vivienda de la Gobernación del Valle del Cauca del año 2016 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre los Contratos Firmados Numerados y Publicados en el Secop de la Secretaria de Vivienda de la Gobernación del Valle del Cauca del año 2016 al 2018
Department of Human Services(DHS) Family Investment Administration Program Caseloads
Food Supplement Program (FSP) active cases are the number of total cases that are active at the end of the FSP benefit receiving month and for the following month. These cases are active because they are compliant with all FSP eligibility requirements.    Expedited Food Supplement Program approved cases are FSP cases that meet the expedited requirements and FSP eligibility requirements.     Note: If expedited FSP cases remain active at the end of the application month, they will be included in the overall active FSP cases
Sewer Renewals
Sewer Renewal measures the number of kilometers of sewer pipes that have been renewed or replaced as part of the Neighborhood Renewal Program.
Historical/Archived Images
This dataset is a public repository of Historical/Archived photos of the City of Edmonton.  The dataset links back to photos found on https://cityarchives.edmonton.ca/.
ADMITIDOS POR GENERO 2018-2
Clasificación entre hombres y mujeres que fueron admitidos para el periodo 2018-2 de la Universidad del Quindio
Docentes por categoría 2018-1
Estadísticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
Alternative Dispute Resolution Fund 1995-2013 COBI
This data set contains amounts & funding created to implement the Alternative Dispute Resolution Act. This purpose was to promote the efficient and effective operation of state courts by authorizing and encouraging the use of alternative methods of dispute resolution to secure the just, speedy, and inexpensive determination of civil actions filed in state courts.
Number of Permits Issued 2017 - ytd 2018
Number of permit issued by fiscal year.
pln_bnft_pkg [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_bnft_pkg [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
Strategic Measure_HE.F.2_ Number and percentage of food insecure residents that are living in proximity to a City-supported fresh food access point
Row level data shows projected 2020 food insecurity rates by census tract as estimated by Feeding America, Map the Meal Gap.    View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Percentage-of-food-insecure-residents-that-are-liv/sgkj-iz5y/
Harbor Water Quality
Harbor water sampling information
BNS Stats
Statistical Information from the City's Building and Neighborhood Services Department (Codes, Building and Permits)
Eastbound Tunnel and Bridge Traffic Monthly Volume, Port Authority of NY NJ:  Beginning 2011
The Port Authority collects eastbound vehicle traffic volumes from its toll plazas at the six Port Authority vehicular crossings (i.e., George Washington Bridge, Holland Tunnel, Lincoln Tunnel, Goethals Bridge, Outerbridge Crossing and Bayonne Bridge).  This dataset contains monthly eastbound traffic volumes for each crossing and for all Port Authority crossings combined, based on vehicles passing through Authority’s toll plazas, for each month starting in January 2011 through December 2012.  The dataset contains traffic volumes for three types of vehicles (autos, buses, trucks) for each month.
Cantidad de personas por veredas según Sisben, San Pablo Nariño
Datos sobre el número de personas que tiene cada vereda del municipio de San Pablo Nariño, según datos oficina Sisben, también está el dato del centro Urbano.
FY2017 F65 Township Part 2
F-65 Data Summary Townships Part 2 2017
Produccion Por Vereda
productos agrícolas y pecuarios cultivados en cada vereda del municipio
Socrata User Roles
Informational dataset explaining Socrata's user roles and the actions that can be performed by users possessing those roles.
ORGANIZACIONES SOCIALES Y COMUNITARIAS DE SAN PEDRO DE CARTAGO
ORGANIZACIONES SOCIALES Y COMUNITARIAS DE SAN PEDRO DE CARTAGO
intituciones educativas del municipio
Listado de cada institucion educativa con su codigo dane, y llas sedes educativas tanto urbanas como rurales
Salaries: ESD: Jefferson County: Fiscal Year 2014
Summary of salaries for Jefferson County ESD for Fiscal Year 2014.
5600B_Emergency Medical Services GF
Performance measures dataset
Annapolis County - Waste Collection Areas
Waste collection schedule for Annapolis County.
Environmental Nuisance Docket 1-21-2020
Environmental Nuisance Docket from City Council Public Hearing held on 1-21-2020
Derechos de Petición Contraloría Municipal de Bello
Derechos de Petición vigencia 2018
OD0017 Adult Custody Offender Bed Days
Adult Custody Offender Bed Days
Medicare Home Health Agency (HHA) Provider Aggregate Report, CY 2015
The Home Health Agency PUF presents summarized information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries by home health agencies. It contains information on utilization, payment (Medicare payment and Medicare standardized payment), submitted charges, and demographic and chronic condition indicators organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Home Health Resource Group (HHRG), and state of service.
Wireless Hotspots  DC Government Project
Wireless Hot Spot locations. The dataset contains locations and attributes of Wireless Hot Spots, created as part of the DC Geographic Information System (DC GIS) for the D.C. Office of the Chief Technology Officer (OCTO) and participating D.C. government agencies.
Part I Crime Summary Per 1,000 Residents
The Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program collects statistics on the number of offenses known to City of Mesa Police Department.  In Part I, the UCR indexes reported incidents of crimes that are broken into two categories: violent and property crimes. Aggravated assault, forcible rape, murder, and robbery are classified as violent, while arson, burglary, larceny-theft, and motor vehicle theft are classified as property crimes. City of Mesa population 2011-2018 based on U.S. Census estimates; 2019-2025 based on Maricopa County Association of Governments (MAG) estimates.
2016 Clinic Cost of Care and Quality Comparisons for Clinics with Five or More Service Providers
This data set includes comparative cost and quality information for clinics with five or more physicians for medical claims in 2016.   Only clinics with eligible Total Cost of Care indices and three quality measures, Breast Cancer Screening, A1c testing, and Medical Attention for Nephropathy are included.  This data set was calculated by the Utah Department of Health, Office of Healthcare Statistics (OHCS) and HealthInsight Utah using Utah’s All Payer Claims Database (APCD).
Consumption Of Petroleum Products In Utah By End Use T3.18 1960-2012
Consumption Of Petroleum Products In Utah By End Use T3.18 1960-2012
Forest Carbon Net Sequestration Emissions  MMTCO2 E  In Colorado  1990 To 2010
Forest carbon net Sequestration/Emissions (MMTCO2E), from 1990 to 2010. MMTCO2E -millions metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent
Municipal Court Caseload Information FY 2019
This data is provided to help with analysis of various violations charged throughout the City of Austin
Provider of Services File - OTHER - September 2016
The POS file contains data on characteristics of hospitals and other types of healthcare facilities, including the name and address of the facility and the type of Medicare services the facility provides, among other information.  The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. The data is an invaluable resource to a variety of stakeholders, including researchers and application developers.
ACTQP HTS - Gender Demographics
This data set provides a count and percentage of the gender of individuals sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey.
Housing Grocery Stores
Locations of grocery stores and farmers markets used to determine access to healthy food.
PLAN GENERAL DE AUDITORIAS 2018
Mediante la resolución No. 468 del 28 diciembre de 2017 se adoptó el Plan General de Auditorías para 2018 con el que la Contraloría General del Cauca ejercerá control fiscal a las entidades del Cauca.
Residential Existing Homes (One to Four Units) Energy Efficiency Meter Evaluated Project Data: 2007 – 2012
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ DISCLAIMER BEFORE USING DATA. This dataset backcasts estimated modeled savings for a subset of 2007-2012 completed projects in the Home Performance with ENERGY STAR® Program against normalized savings calculated by an open source energy efficiency meter available at https://www.openee.io/. Open source code uses utility-grade metered consumption to weather-normalize the pre- and post-consumption data using standard methods with no discretionary independent variables. The open source energy efficiency meter allows private companies, utilities, and regulators to calculate energy savings from energy efficiency retrofits with increased confidence and replicability of results. This dataset is intended to lay a foundation for future innovation and deployment of the open source energy efficiency meter across the residential energy sector, and to help inform stakeholders interested in pay for performance programs, where providers are paid for realizing measurable weather-normalized results. To download the open source code, please visit the website at https://github.com/openeemeter/eemeter/releases  D I S C L A I M E R:  Normalized Savings using open source OEE meter. Several data elements, including, Evaluated Annual Elecric Savings (kWh), Evaluated Annual Gas Savings (MMBtu), Pre-retrofit Baseline Electric (kWh), Pre-retrofit Baseline Gas (MMBtu), Post-retrofit Usage Electric (kWh), and Post-retrofit Usage Gas (MMBtu) are direct outputs from the open source OEE meter.  Home Performance with ENERGY STAR® Estimated Savings. Several data elements, including, Estimated Annual kWh Savings, Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings, and Estimated First Year Energy Savings represent contractor-reported savings derived from energy modeling software calculations and not actual realized energy savings. The accuracy of the Estimated Annual kWh Savings and Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings for projects has been evaluated by an independent third party. The results of the Home Performance with ENERGY STAR impact analysis indicate that, on average, actual savings amount to 35 percent of the Estimated Annual kWh Savings and 65 percent of the Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings. For more information, please refer to the Evaluation Report published on NYSERDA’s website at:  http://www.nyserda.ny.gov/-/media/Files/Publications/PPSER/Program-Evaluation/2012ContractorReports/2012-HPwES-Impact-Report-with-Appendices.pdf.   This dataset includes the following data points for a subset of projects completed in 2007-2012: Contractor ID, Project County, Project City, Project ZIP, Climate Zone, Weather Station, Weather Station-Normalization, Project Completion Date, Customer Type, Size of Home, Volume of Home, Number of Units, Year Home Built, Total Project Cost, Contractor Incentive, Total Incentives, Amount Financed through Program, Estimated Annual kWh Savings, Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings, Estimated First Year Energy Savings, Evaluated Annual Electric Savings (kWh), Evaluated Annual Gas Savings (MMBtu), Pre-retrofit Baseline Electric (kWh), Pre-retrofit Baseline Gas (MMBtu), Post-retrofit Usage Electric (kWh), Post-retrofit Usage Gas (MMBtu), Central Hudson, Consolidated Edison, LIPA, National Grid, National Fuel Gas, New York State Electric and Gas, Orange and Rockland, Rochester Gas and Electric.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Reported Service Units by Month of Transportation Contracted Providers
Reported Units of Service by Month of registered and contracted agencies providing Transportation Services.
Consultas de primera vez por medicina general
Datos de Consultas de medicina general de primera vez desde 2013 hasta 2018. Permite generar el número de consultas de medicina general agrupadas o diferenciadas por mes, año, sexo, edad, entidad o régimen. ESE Hospital San Antonio, Betania, Antioquia.
Public Computer Access Locations
This dataset describes the location of all City of Seattle managed public computing labs, including open lab hours and accessibility information.
Entidades registradas en el CHIP 2020 1
Entidades registradas en el CHIP primer semestre 2020
Zonas WI Fi Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca 2018 1
Zonas WI Fi Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca 2018
Maryland Net Natural Gain (Births Minus Deaths) By Year: 2000-2018
Net Natural Gain (Births Minus Deaths) in Maryland and its Jurisdictions By Year from 2000 to 2018. Source from the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, Vital Statistics Reports.
Community Connections Program: 100 Public Facilities Signed up for Google Fiber Gigabit Speed Internet
Community Connections Program: 100 Gigabit Speed (Google Fiber) Public Facilities administered through the City's Office of Telecom & Regulatory Affairs (TARA) and Google Fiber.
BESO Large Building Energy Data and Compliance Status
This dataset contains the compliance status and reported energy metrics of large buildings (greater than 25,000 square feet) subject to BESO's energy benchmarking and assessment requirement. If the status for your property is incorrect, email BESO@CityofBerkeley.info. For more information about the requirements for large buildings, please visit: www.cityofberkeley.info/BESO
EMS - Response Interval Performance by Fiscal Year
This table shows overall ATCEMS response interval performance for entire fiscal years.  Data in the table is broken out by incident response priority and service area (City of Austin or Travis County).
Índice de Gobierno Digital 2018 entidades orden nacional
El Índice de Gobierno Digital permite medir el desempeño y cumplimiento de las entidades públicas en la Política de Gobierno Digital. Este Índice permite al Ministerio de Tecnologías de la Información y las Comunicaciones determinar los avances específicos en cada temática de la Política de Gobierno Digital, buenas prácticas de implementación y estrategias focalizadas de acompañamiento.  Así mismo, la información generada a través del Índice de Gobierno Digital permite a las entidades públicas tomar decisiones y definir acciones orientadas a mejorar su desempeño y cumplimiento de la Política de Gobierno Digital.
Sheriff Departments Ancillary Payroll
Ancillary employee and contractor payments are made outside of the state’s payroll system to state employees and contractors for services including civil process service, local paid details, etc. Therefore, these payments are not included in the "Statewide Payroll" section of CTHRU.
Underground Water Levels Green Pond Landslide, Weber County BH123
This data set contains Groundwater Monitoring Data acquired through the West Desert Groundwater Monitoring-Well Project (including Snake Valley) and other projects.
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 41, Figure 37
Proportion (%) of child protection re-substantiations, 2009–10 to 2016–17.  Source: CYPS Child Protection Annual Report Datasets.
Network PUF
The Network PUF (Ntwrk-PUF) is one of the seven files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The Ntwrk-PUF contains issuer-level data identifying provider network URLs. These data either originate from the Network ID template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
2017 R2R Subjects
A dataset of response to resistance instances tailored for the City of Austin's Strategic Outcomes project.   AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided is for informational use only and is not considered official APD crime data as in official Texas DPS or FBI crime reports. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
August 2019 Primary Election Final Precinct Level Results
Final precinct by precinct results for the August 2019 primary election
Municipal Grants and Reimbursements Administered by the Office of Policy & Management 2010-2020
Municipal grant/reimbursement amounts for programs administered by the Office of Policy and Management from State General Fund for Fiscal Years 2010 through 2020
Baltimore County Full and Part Time Jobs By Industry:  Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040
Total Jobs by Industry, Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040 in Baltimore County by Industry and by Place of Work
Cuadro Comparativo Estadísticas SISBEN 2016 2017 Municipio de Villa del Rosario
Cuadro Cuadro Comparativo Estadísticas SISBEN 2016 2017 Fichas Hogares Personas  Fuente: SISBEN
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Commute to Work by City
Commute to Work by City. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP03.
Design_Projects_ShortEvents
Design_Projects_ShortEvents
Fiscal Year 2017 IT Spend By Functional Group
Spend numbers are reflected as of the most recently closed fiscal month.
Canberra Centenary Events 2013
A dataset of Centenary Events in the ACT for 2013. This dataset has been released for the GovHack event.     This dataset will not be regularly updated, if you require information about Canberra Centenary events in 2013, please refer to the 'Canberra 100' Website (http://www.canberra100.com.au/calendar/).
Utility Excavation Moratorium Streets
Street segments and intersections that have been paved within the last 5 years
Restricted Flavored Tobacco Products
A list of flavored tobacco products that may not be sold within 500 feet of a school in Chicago. See http://www.cityofchicago.org/content/dam/city/depts/cdph/policy_planning/Board_of_Health/FlavoredTobaccoRules_Final_Dec112015.pdf for the specifics of the regulation. This list will be updated periodically. A list of tobacco flavor terms that may be used to determine if a product is flavored is available at https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/fkci-tsq8.
MEN_MATRICULA-ESTADISTICA_ES
Contiene la Matrícula estadística de educación superior
List of Contractors Doing Business with the City Of Chicago
In accordance with the Governmental Ethics Ordinance, the Department of Innovation & Technology provides the following list of current and former contractors who, during the preceding four reporting years, received from the City of Chicago payments totaling $10,000 or more in any 12 consecutive months period. The data source for this list is the Financial Management and Purchasing Systems (FMPS).
Failure to Pay - For OPE (Public Version)
1. ANFP 2. ANFPCP 3. FTPCP 4. NNIP 5. NNNI 6. AFTP 7. FTCP 8. WARP 9. WARAFTP with no filtering of any comments. Grouped so that cases with more than one Failure to Pay event on the same day is counted as one instance.
Overall Hypertensive Diseases
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Capital Project Budget Allocations: FY2016
This dataset shows the amount of funding allocated to each capital project in Fiscal Year 2016.
Feed the Future Senegal: Yaajeende Well-being Data
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact that the Feed the Future Nutrition-led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal (known as "Yaajeende") has had on reducing malnutrition and poverty in its intervention area.    This report details the findings, conclusions and recommendations of a mixed-methods quasi-experimental final impact evaluation (FIE) of the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) $50 million, seven-year Feed the Future Nutrition-Led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal, known as “Yaajeende.” The National Cooperative Business Association’s Cooperative League of the USA (NCBA CLUSA) implemented the project. To combat poverty and child malnutrition, Yaajeende sought to accelerate the participation of the very poor in rural economic growth and improve the four dimensions of food security: availability, access, utilization and stability. Yaajeende worked in 790 villages across 49 municipalities (“communes” in French) and nine departments in the Matam, Tambacounda, Kédougou and Kolda regions. The project’s implementation period was November 1, 2010, to September 30, 2017.    The FIE aims to provide USAID with an evidence base on the impacts of the nutrition-led agriculture (NLA) approach that the project utilized on its key objectives, including reduced poverty and malnutrition. The findings are expected to provide accountability and learning value to USAID, including both the Senegal Mission and USAID/Feed the Future. Additional stakeholders include the Government of Senegal, implementing partners and other agencies, donors and practitioners active in nutrition, health, agriculture and integrated sectors.
National Drugs Strategy Household Survey (NDSHS) - Alcohol
* Estimate has a relative standard error of 25% to 50% and should be used with caution.  ** Estimate has a high level of sampling error (relative standard error of 51% to 90%), meaning that it is unsuitable for most uses.  # Statistically significant change between 2013 and 2016.  n.p. not published because of small numbers, confidentiality or other concerns about the quality of the data.  Ex-drinker - Consumed at least a full serve of alcohol, but not in the previous 12 months.  Abstainers - Not consumed alcohol in the previous 12 months.  Low risk - On average, had no more than 2 standard drinks per day.  Risky - On average, had more than 2 standard drinks per day.  At least yearly - Had more than 4 standard drinks at least once a year but not as often as monthly.  At least monthly - Had more than 4 standard drinks at least once a month but not as often as weekly.  At least weekly - Had more than 4 standard drinks at least once a week.  Lifetime - On average, had more than 2 standard drinks per day.  Monthly - Had more than 4 standard drinks on one occasion at least once a month.  Note:The calculation of alcohol risk was updated in 2013. ‘Abstainers’ no longer equate to ‘never’ and ‘ex-drinkers’ combined because the calculation now excludes drinkers who did not indicate the quantity of alcohol they consumed. Trend data will not match data presented in previous reports. Refer to technical notes for further details.      The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
Iowa Standardized Medicare Supplement Rate Changes
Over the last several years, the original standardized plans (A ‐ J) have been updated, and several new plans have been added.    However, for historical rate increase purposes, this data includes all plans whether they are available for sale or not. Only plans with asterisks can be sold under the MIPPA act: A, B, C, D, F, HD‐F, G, K, L, M, and N.
Single Family Water Consumption
Monthly average water consumption for single-family homes in million gallons water/day
VETPOP2014 LIVING VETERANS BY RACE/ETHNICITY, GENDER, 2013-2043
Numbers rounded to the nearest 1,000.
NNDSS - TABLE 1FF. Severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus disease to Shigellosis
NNDSS - TABLE 1FF. Severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus disease to Shigellosis - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
WAT Maintenance and Equipment Reimbursement 2018
This dataset lists wheelchair accessible taxicab (WAT) owners who received reimbursements from the Wheelchair Accessible Services Fund for maintenance and equipment costs incurred between January 1 and December 30, 2018. Owners were reimbursed for expenses related to ramps, axles, brakes, transmissions and similar items up to $3,500 from the City of Seattle and up to $1,500 from King County.
Rendimiento Por Hectáreas Cosechadas Con Hortalizas En El Valle Del Cauca Año 2016
rendimiento de las hectáreas cultivadas con hortalizas en el valle del cauca año-2016
MICRO CUENCAS
Micro cuencas existentes en el municipio de Gramalote
Other State Solicitation of Charities’ Registrants in Colorado
Non-profit organizations (NPO) data consisting of authorized solicitation, and registration data in Colorado by the Colorado Department of State (CDOS).
Public Cemetery Corporations
Provides a listing of all public cemetery corporations as defined in NPC 1502(a) that are registered with or have been registered with the Division of Cemeteries.
Federal Funding Allocation
Data set containing all of the Federal Funding Allocation inputs submitted by NTD reporting transit agencies from 2014 to the most recently published data within the Federal Transit Administration's NTD Data website.
Health_6170P_% of Clients Treated Within 24Hrs_AOD1
"Percent of Clients Treated within 24 Hours of Making a Request for Methadone Treatment
Simplifying Lives: quality and satisfaction with public services
This data set corresponds to a survey performed between July and September of 2015 on 6 countries from Latin America and the Caribbean. 11,500 citizens provided information about their experience with a specific set of government services.  <br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/5x5h-9j6p</b></br></br>
2014-2015 School Closure Discharge Reporting - All Boroughs
In June 2014, 21 New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2013-2014 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043
Road Signs in the ACT
Road signs in the ACT
2019 Public Data File - Students
To collect feedback on their learning environment from families, students and teachers. Aids in facilitating the understanding of families perceptions, students, and teachers regarding their school.  School leaders use feedback from the survey to reflect and make improvements to schools and programs.  Each year all parents, teachers and students in grades 6-12 take the NYC School Survey.  The survey is aligned to the DOE's Framework for Great Schools.  It is designed to collect important information about each school's ability to support student success.
Ejecución Presupuestal de Gastos de Deuda Santiago de Cali 2018
Describe la programación (presupuesto inicial, presupuesto definitivo, adiciones, reducciones, crédito y contracrédito) y la ejecución (pagos, obligaciones y ejecución) del gasto de la Deuda 2018
Citywide Performance Measurement Annual Report FY13
CCSF Controller's Office manages the Citywide Performance Measurement Program that collects and reports performance data from all 48 City departments. The dataset  contains over 1,100 performance measures, which are collected semi-annually.  Please see the accompanying data dictionary for more information.  Our website at www.sfgov.org/controller/performance provides additional details and contacts.
Lottery Mega Millions Winning Numbers: Beginning 2002
Go to http://on.ny.gov/1J8tPSN on the New York Lottery website for past Mega Millions results and payouts.
Table 18: Leaking Underground Storage Tanks
DOH Environmental Indicators
VA Polytrauma Sites
<p>Provides a listing of approved VA Polytrauma Sites by their designation level to assist in contacting appropriate facilities for Polytrauma rehabilitation services.</p>
7010P_Administration / Office of the Agency Director
Performance measures dataset
Demographic Assumption Rates – Age (2017 - 2018)
Demographic assumption rates for Service Retirement, Disability Retirement (ordinary and service), Mortality of Active Members (ordinary and service), and Withdrawal (Termination) based on the age of active members.
Strategic Plan Goal Data
Progress towards completing the strategic objectives in the 2016 - 2020 Strategic Plan.
DSS Township Counts - by Program - CY 2017
DSS CY 2017 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2017, by township and program. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
COVID-19 hospitalizations by date
The dataset provides information on the number of hospitalized patients with confirmed or suspected COVID-19. Data on hospitalized patients are provided by reporting hospitals and represent a snapshot of the hospitals’ patient census and capacity at that point in time. These data may vary greatly day to day as they are only accurate at the time hospitals report the data. Source: Santa Clara County Emergency Medical Services. Data Notes: A Person Under Investigation (PUI) is an individual that is believed to have COVID-19 based on symptoms. New COVID-19 patients represent either newly admitted patients with COVID-19 or PUIs already hospitalized that then test positive for COVID-19. Percent represents the percentage of staffable beds for each level of care that are occupied by patients with COVID-19. Percentages are provided as a rolling 7-day average.
Cultural Districts
<strong>A. SUMMARY</strong> The San Francisco Board of Supervisors has recognized several cultural districts that are distinguished by unique social and historical associations and living traditions. While they have physical boundaries, the districts are primarily identified by the activities that occur within them, including commerce, services, arts, events, and social practices. While a cultural heritage district does not currently hold any regulatory controls, the recognition has spurred community efforts facilitated by the Planning Department and the Mayor's Office of Economic and Workforce Development to develop strategies for sustaining the living culture of these places  More information: https://sfplanning.org/cultural-heritage
Public Art Inventory
Public Art Installations in the City of Baltimore
Plan Anual de Adquisiciones - SECOP I
Información de los planes anuales de adquisición registrados en la plataforma SECOP I, incluyendo el detalle de las posibles adquisiciones a realizar durante el año
Historical Median Assessment Values
This dataset outlines the Median Estimated Market Values in the City of Saint Paul, suburbs, and countywide from 2002 (Residential and Apartment) or 2005 (Commercial and Industrial) to 2020
Daily Sulfer Dioxide Emissions Utah 2000
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (sulfer dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Decretos 2016
Decretos aprobados y publicados en el año 2016
Chemical Dependence Treatment Program Admissions for 55 and Older: Beginning 2007
NYS Office of Addiction Services and Supports (OASAS) certified chemical dependence treatment programs report admissions of people served in programs throughout NYS.  The dataset displays the year of admission, client county of residence, gender, program categories, service type, and primary substance group of clients at admission for clients 55 years and older for nine years of data.
Finance Long Term Debt
This dataset contains outstanding Finance' long term debt and MGA debt limit per year
RENDIMIENTO EN TONELADAS POR HECTÁREAS DE HORTALIZAS CULTIVADAS EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2017
RENDIMIENTO EN TONELADAS POR HECTÁREAS DE HORTALIZAS CULTIVADAS EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2017
Funcionarios En Planta gobernación del quindio
este listado corresponde a los funcionarios de planta contratados en la gobernación del quindío
INDICE PROYECTOS 2016 SAN ROQUE ANTIOQUIA
PROYECTOS DEL BANCO DE PROYECTOS DEL AÑO 2016
Fire Calls for Service
The Call for Service information provided on the Open Data portal dates back to December, 2008 and is updated daily.
Report Card Assessment Data 2018-19 School Year
This file includes Report Card assessment data from 2018-19 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information.
REGISTROS DE PERSONAS CON DISCAPACIDAD POR CATEGORÍA DE LA DISCAPACIDAD DE NORTE DE SANTANDER
NÚMERO DE PERSONAS CON DISCAPACIDAD DETALLADO POR MUNICIPIOS SEGÚN LA CATEGORÍA DE DISCAPACIDAD (Con corte a 31 de marzo de 2020)
Bureau Of Street Lighting (BSL) - Performance Metrics
This dataset contains metrics that measure the operational performance of the Bureau of Street Lighting. These metrics are used on a regular basis by the department and the Mayor to evaluate progress and inform decision making. Performance management forms the foundation of a data-driven culture of innovation and excellence in the City of Los Angeles.
Crimes Against Persons by Youth
Youth arrested for crimes against persons by age group
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Owner vs. Renter Occupied Housing Units
Owner-Occupied, Renter-Occupied, and vacant housing units. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Tables S2503, DP04.
Crimes by Type by 1980 Block - 1984 to 1989
tabulation of crimes by type for each 1980 census block
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales for Manhattan for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes - 2009
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of neighborhood sales for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes in Manhattan in 2009.
Volumen De Las Exportaciones Certificadas Por El ICA En Los Principales Renglones Agrícolas
Volumen de exportaciones en los principales renglones agrícolas desde el 2013 hasta el 2017
Stc2015 5yr.tsv
This tab-delimited file, stc2015_5yr.tsv, prepared from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), Technology Assessment and Forecast (TAF) database, displays a listing of geographic regions from which utility patents (i.e., patents for invention) originated during the indicated 5 year time period and a corresponding count of patents for each of the years of the period. Each displayed annual count corresponds to the count of patents received in a calendar year (January 1 to December 31). It will import into a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet. This file generally contains the contents of the PTMT report, Patenting In Technology Classes Breakout By Geographic Origin (State and Country), CLASS ALL, ALL CLASSES, available on the USPTO Web Site at: https://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/ac/ido/oeip/taf/tecstc/allclstc_gd.htm
INSCRIPCIÓN RECURSO HUMANO MANTENIMIENTO EQUIPOS BIOMÉDICOS
INGENIEROS, TECNÓLOGOS Y TÉCNICOS QUE REALICEN EL MANTENIMIENTO Y VERIFICACIÓN DE LA CALIBRACIÓN DE LOS EQUIPOS BIOMÉDICOS DE TECNOLOGÍA CONTROLADA, CLASIFICACIÓN IIB III.
Vital Signs: Particulate Concentrations – Bay Area (updated June 2017)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Particulate Concentrations (EN1)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Fine particulate matter concentrations (PM2.5)    LAST UPDATED  June 2017    DESCRIPTION  Particulate matter concentrations refer to the amount of fine particulate matter (PM2.5) in the air we breathe. Fine particulate matter particles are very small, measuring less than 2.5 microns (μg) or 1/25 the width of a human hair – yet they pose a significant health risk. Air quality standards for particulate matter are expressed in two ways: the annual average (reflecting average concentrations during the course of a given year) and the 24-hour average (reflecting worst-case conditions in a given year). This dataset includes regional and sensor-specific concentrations, as well as metropolitan area data.				    DATA SOURCE  Bay Area Air Quality Management District  1999-2016  Air Quality Sensor Data  http://www.baaqmd.gov/about-air-quality/air-quality-summaries    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Data is collected at specific sensor sites operated by the Air District that capture the concentration of fine particulate matter (PM2.5) in the air; sensor locations may change over the years and thus only minor relocations are shown as the same station in this analysis (e.g., sensor moved across the street from its prior location). Data either reflect the annual average or the 98th percentile day (worst-case conditions); some data are reported as three-year rolling averages to minimize noise associated with any given year. The worst location site may shift from year to year depending on which sensor location had the highest levels of fine particulate matter over that particular time period. The regional trend reflects the average of eight sensors that were available throughout the analysis time period, using an iterated 2-way ANOVA for interpolation in gap years.
Zoning Map - Special Use Districts
Special Use Districts (SUDs) are a component of the San Francisco Zoning Map.  SUD controls are outlined in Article 2 of the San Francisco Planning Code: http://library.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/California/planning/article2usedistricts?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:sanfrancisco_ca$anc=JD_Article2
Repeat Offender Property Activity
The location and activity of "repeat offender properties" with respect to city code violations. To learn more about the Repeat Offender Program, see City's website: http://www.austintexas.gov/department/repeat-offender-program
Daños Saneamiento 2015
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE DAÑOS AL MES EN LA RED DE SANEAMIENTO DEL AGUA
Urban Forestry - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the July 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5we6xa1Kccv4SnLC0t1W0O?t=1  Open from July 10 - 17, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 8,553 Insight Community Members. 2,355 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 2,371 respondents completed the survey: 2,355 Insight Community Members and 7 from the call to action button on our webpage and 9 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Multas de Tránsito 2017
Infracciones de transito realizadas hasta el 30 de septiembre de 2017
Population by 2010 Census Block
Population estimates by the U.S. Census Bureau by U.S. Census Block.
AIDSFree Annual Web Survey Report 2016: Dataset
This was an informal web survey of users of the AIDSFree website. It intended to measure how users of the website have gained knowledge from AIDSFree products and apply knowledge gained from AIDSFree products.
USA SPENDING LGY B118 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS MAR2019
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located</p>
Transportation Satellite Accounts Table
The Transportation Satellite Accounts (TSAs) provide a means for measuring the contribution of transportation services to the national economy. Prior to the TSAs, the magnitude of transportation services had long been underestimated, as most national measures counted only the value of for-hire services. Measurement of services provided only by for-hire firms misses the sizable contribution of transportation services that take place within nontransportation industries, termed as in-house transportation.    To more accurately measure transportation services, the Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS) of the U.S. Department of Transportation and the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) of the U.S. Department of Commerce, jointly developed the Transportation Satellite Accounts (TSAs). The TSAs, as a supplement to the U.S. Input-Output (I-O) Accounts, measure the contribution of both for-hire and in-house transportation. The TSAs include all seven of the for-hire transportation industries reported in the U.S. I-O accounts and four in-house transportation modes.
Medical Marijuana Statistics - Reported Condition
Medical Marijuana Registry Program Update by County as of April 30, 2014
2015-2016 Discharge Reporting By Code - HS
This report provides data regarding students enrolled in New York City schools during the 2015-2016 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/042. At the citywide, borough and district levels, the DOE is required to report discharge, transfer and graduation counts by grade level (middle school only), cohort (high school only) and disability status. At the school level, the DOE is required to report discharge and transfer counts by grade level (middle school only), cohort (high school only), disability status broken down by, age as of 12/31 of the previous calendar year age, race/ethnicity, and gender.
2010 Primary Election Results
The votes received by candidates for state office listed by county
Current Employee Names, Salaries And Position Titles
This dataset is a listing of all current City of Naperville employees, complete with full names, departments, positions, employment status (part-time or full-time), and annual salaries. Please note that annual wages will vary by employee, depending on number of hours worked. Excludes Mayor and City Council.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of February 2019.</p>
CJFJC - Handle Situation
Clients report better ability to handle their situation after meeting with an advocate
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a FEBRERO de 2016
Reportes Financieros con corte a 28 de Febrero de 2016 de las entidades del sector solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Bicycle Coordinator
DPWBC Measure K Performance
Presidente De Juntas De Accion Comunal Del Municipio De Los Patios
Es una organización social, cívica y comunitaria, de naturaleza solidaria, sin ánimo de lucro, de carácter privado, autónoma, con personería jurídica y patrimonio propio, compuesta por los habitantes mayores de 14 años de un barrio, vereda o un territorio, que se organizan con el objetivo de solucionar los problemas más sentidos de su comunidad.
County/Metro Indicator - Homelessness
Source: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Point-in-Time (PIT) Estimates, 2007-2018. Retrieved from https://www.hudexchange.info/resource/3031/pit-and-hic-data-since-2007/
Parks Volunteer Program Hours and Savings
This dataset displays the various Parks volunteer programs, the hours provided and the cost savings to the City for those hours.
Facility Populations
Correctional facility population data.
USAID MCHIP Data: India Maternal and Neonatal Health Care for Select Districts
The goal of USAID’s Maternal and Child Health Integrated Program (MCHIP) is to assist in scaling up evidence-based, high-impact MNCH interventions to contribute to significant reductions in maternal and child mortality. MCHIP has worked in India since 2009, with national, state, and district-level health departments and national programs as well as development partners to strengthen reproductive, maternal, and child health. The program built on lessons learned from four earlier USAID global technical assistance programs.    Data were collected from facilities involved in USAID supported activities to improve the quality of medical care pregnant women in two states in India. The data was aggregated at the facility level. No direct reference to individual participants was reported.
Mosquito Application by Motor Vehicle (2018)
This dataset represents the GPS coordinates of where a ground vehicle drove while it actively applying treatment for mosquitoes in 2018.﻿
Pet Licensing Ads - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the August 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=476&as=Hp0xa33UD7&t=1. Open from August 10 - 18, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3275 Insight Community Members. 1329 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1442  respondents completed the survey: 1329 Insight Community Members and 113 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Workforce Development Areas Current Labor & Industry
A labor market area that is usually a group of contiguous counties where employment, training, and educational services are provided as established under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide services for dislocated workers and other eligible individuals.  The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) is a federal act passed in 2014 designed to help job seekers access employment, education, training, and support services to succeed in the labor market and to match employers with the skilled workers they need to compete in the global economy. WIOA ensures that employment and training services provided by the core programs of employment services, workforce development, adult education, and vocational rehabilitation activities are coordinated and complementary so that job seekers acquire skills and credentials that meet employers' needs.
PLN_SNT_CTGRY_LKP [test]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_SNT_CTGRY_LKP [test], released on 2020-10-22.
Road Improvement Budget
Road Improvement Budget by Fiscal Year by Budget Source, for Marin County.
1:10,000 Grid / Grille 1:10,000
The boundaries of the map grid are defined by latitude and longitude. Each window is 3 minutes of latitude (approximately 5.5 km) by 6 minutes of longitude (approximately 7.5 km). / Les limites de la grille sont définies selon la latitude et la longitude. Chaque fenêtre correspond à 3 minutes de latitude (environ 5,5 km) sur 6 minutes de longitude (environ 7,5 km).
Total Population Projections by Age, Sex and Race
Population Projections for Maryland and the jurisdictions - by age, sex and race projections out to 2045. Projections prepared by the Maryland Department of Planning, August 2018
Transfer Of Guardianship by SFY, DCF Office, Race and Length of Stay
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of children that exited DCF care to a Transfer of Guardianship.  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, by their Race/Ethnicity, and by whether their exit from care occurred within 24 months of their entry to care or not.  It would be appropriate to roll up the data from all variables across multiple time periods, as they represent specific events in the lives of these children.  Please note that these figures do not represent unique children, and so should not be used as the basis for creating a rate based on the child population of the state.  These data form the basis of measurement for the Juan F. Consent Decree Exit Plan Outcome #9: Transfer of Guardianship Within 24 Months, although those figures are reported to the DCF Court Monitor on a quarterly rather than annual schedule.
Countywide Waste by Destination 1995 - 2013
Data about the amount of solid waste in San Mateo County by the waste's destination. Destination means the county where the waste was disposed. Alternative Daily Cover (ADC) means CalRecycle-approved materials other than soil used as a temporary overlay on an exposed landfill face.     ADC is measured in tons. CalRecycle-approved materials other than soil used as a temporary overlay on an exposed landfill face. Generally, these materials must be processed so that they do not allow gaps in the face surface, which would provide breeding grounds for insects and vermin. Public Resources Code section 41781.3 stipulates this practice is recycling, not disposal, and authorizes CalRecycle to adopt regulations, such as Title 27 California Code of Regulations, section 20690. Approved materials include processed green materials, sludge, ash and kiln residue, compost, construction and demolition debris, and special foams and fabrics. Also see Local Enforcement Agency (LEA) Advisory #48.    Data is based upon information reported by permitted facility operators and compiled by County/Regional Agency disposal reporting coordinators. Only finalized data are shown in these reports.
Long- Term Care Hospital - National Data
National data on the quality of patient care measures shown on Long-Term Care Hospital Compare.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Bottom Line Budgets of Geriatric Mental Health Services Contracted Providers
Bottom Line Budgets of contracted agencies providing Geriatric Mental Health Services.
Mosquitoes Trap Data (May 2011 to Sep 2015)
Capture results of mosquitoes from various locations in Edmonton.  These collections are from standard New Jersey light traps that are commonly used to record changes in abundance of mosquitoes before and after control campaigns and to compare seasonal and annual fluctuations in population.  Since not all mosquito species are attracted equally to light traps, the City uses a variety of other trapping and survey methods (with their own limitations) to monitor mosquitoes. Not all trap collection sites are factored into the historical averages. Some data can be incomplete due to trap failure. Some trap locations change over time. Trap collections reflect, not absolute population levels, but mosquito activity, which is influenced by changing environmental conditions (temperature, humidity, wind, etc.). The weekly averages do not include any male mosquitoes or any females of species that do not typically bite people. Each data set reflects the mosquito activity of the week previous to the collection date. To complement this dataset, there is the Rainfall Guage data which measures rainfall data in the Greater Edmonton area - https://data.edmonton.ca/Environmental-Services/Rainfall-Gauge-Results/7fus-qa4r
Transporte  turismo Municipio de Pasto a 25-04-2019
Transporte de turismo del Municipio de Pasto a 25 de abril del 2019
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 27, Figure 28
Proportion (%) of ACT secondary students reporting a sunburn at least once in the previous summer, by sex, 1999–2017.  Source: Australian Secondary Students’ Alcohol and Drug survey (ASSAD), 1999–2017
Mayor’s Office to End Domestic and Gender-Based Violence  Resource Directory
The Mayor’s Office to End Domestic and Gender-Based Violence (ENDGBV) formulates policies and programs, coordinates the citywide delivery of domestic violence services and works with diverse communities and community leaders to increase awareness of domestic violence. ENDGBV collaborates closely with government and nonprofit agencies that assist domestic violence survivors and operates the New York City Family Justice Centers. These co‐located multidisciplinary domestic violence service centers provide vital social service, civil legal and criminal justice assistance for survivors of intimate partner violence and their children under one roof.
TDA SNP 2018-2019 Meals Served - Measure Dataset
Total Breakfasts, Lunches, Snacks, and Special Milk servings served by 2018-2019 School Nutrition Program (SNP) sites by claim month.   This dataset is based on published Meal Reimbursements School Nutrition Program 2018-2019 datasets. Please refer to the original dataset for more information.
Contratos Suscritos 2010 – 2018
La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades.
Traffic Signals Status
This dataset reports on the operation state of traffic signals in Austin, TX. Traffic signals enter flash mode when something is preventing the signal from operating normally. This is typically the result of a power surge, power outage, or damage to signal equipment. A signal may also be intentionally placed into flash mode for maintenance purposes or be scheduled to flash overnight.   You can view an interactive map of flashing traffic signals here: http://transportation.austintexas.io/signals-on-flash  You can view a historical data set of signals that have flash in the past, here: https://data.austintexas.gov/dataset/Traffic-Signal-Status-Historical-BETA-/x62n-vjpq/edit_metadata   Approximately 90% of the City’s signals communicate with our Advanced Trasnportation Management System. When these signals go on flash, they will be reported in this dataset. Although we are extending communications to all signals, approximately 10% are not currently captured in this dataset. It also occasionally happens that the event that disables a traffic signal also disables network communication to the signal, in which case the signal outage will not be reported here.  In this dataset the distinction between scheduled and unscheduled flash is identified by the 'operation state' column. A signal that is in unscheduled flash mode will have a status of 2 or 7. A signal that is in in scheduled flash mode will have a status of 1.  This product is for informational purposes and may not have been prepared for or be suitable for legal, engineering, or surveying purposes. It does not represent an on-the-ground survey and represents only the approximate relative location of traffic signals.
Infaestructuras Deportivas Escolares De Baranoa
Encontraras las diferentes infraestructuras deportivas de las instituciones educativas de Baranoa
Uniform Crime Reporting System Arrests in  2010
Arrests are the number of persons arrested, cited or summoned for all criminal acts in Part I and Part II Crimes.
Adult Felony Arrests
This Indicator measures the rate of adult felony arrests by race/ethnicity adjusted for population. Rate is calculated as the number of adult felony arrests per 100,000 people of each race/ethnicity that are 18 years of age and older. To determine the number of adults of each race/ethnicity in Oakland, we took the population by race/ethnicity for all ages and multiplied by the percent of Oakland’s population that is 18 and over (80.33%). This approach was necessary due to the lack of exact data available on the 18 and over population in Oakland by race/ethnicity.
Crime Rate
The “Crime Rate” is the number of Part I Index Crimes per 100,000 population. The crime rate for Janesville increased 11.5% in 2017 from the previous year. The following chart shows the crime rate for the City of Janesville for a ten year period and the average crime rate during the same period.
FOIA Request Log - Planning and Development
FOIA requests received as of January 3, 2011 by the Department of Planning and Development (Department of Housing and Economic Development prior to January 2014).
FY2015 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Agricultural Processing
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/FY2015-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report/7yau-8nzf
Cost Utilization And Quality Data Medicare Counties In Utah 2011
This data set contains the Geographic Variation Public Use File from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  this data file contains demographic, spending, utilization and quality indicators for all counties in Utah for 2011.
Campgrounds by County Outside Adirondack & Catskill Forest Preserve
The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP) oversees more than 250 state parks, historic sites, recreational trails, golf courses, boat launches and more,  encompassing nearly 350,000 acres, that are visited by 74 million people annually.  These facilities contribute to the economic vitality and quality of life of local communities and directly support New York’s tourism industry.  Parks also provide a place for families and children to be active and exercise, promoting healthy lifestyles.  The agency is responsible for the operation and stewardship of the state park system as well as advancing a statewide parks, historic preservation, and open space mission.  The New York State Office of Parks and Recreation operates campgrounds in 65 state parks across New York (outside the Adirondack and Catskill Forest Preserves) offering more than 9,000 campsites, cabins and cottages. For more information about camping in New York State Parks, visit http://nysparks.com/camping/
Delaware Business Licenses
Information for businesses currently licensed in Delaware.
Early Childhood Education Training Institutions
A listing of training institutions within Nova Scotia providing accredited early education degrees and diplomas.
Cantidades de transacciones de recaudo de impuesto vehicular realizadas por medios electrónicos por banco y día en el Departamento del Atlántico
Conjunto de datos que representan la cantidad de impuesto vehicular recaudado por medios electrónicos por banco y por día en el departamento del Atlántico.
Accidentalidad 2017-2019
Accidente de tránsito, puede definirse como un siniestro automovilístico imprevisto y ajeno al factor humano que altera la marcha normal o prevista del desplazamiento de un conductor.
HSA Measure A Datasheet - HOT Outreach_EPA Shelter
Quarterly Measure A dashboard updates for the Measure A initiative "Reduce chronic street homelessness".  Data provided by InnVision Shelter Network and Project WeHOPE.
Operadores Turísticos
Se pueden encontrar diferentes operadores turísticos que proveen atracciones para los turistas que visitan el departamento del Atlántico, a continuación se listan en el cuadro siguiente con los datos de contacto.
Observations And Statuses For Inspections
List of observations and status for construction project inspections
1750P_Workforce Resources and Diversity
Performance measures dataset
Calawah River Riverscape Study Model Results
InPort Dataset ID: 18128 InPort Entity ID: 35554 Summary statistics for different models fit to the data.
Salud - Tasa De Fecundidad En Mujeres De 15 A 19 Años en el Departamento de Bolívar.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar la Tasa de fecundidad en mujeres de 15 a 19 años de edad, de 2010 a 2018 en el Departamento de Bolívar, Por Municipios. Fuente Numerador: Estadísticas Vitales - Nacimientos – DANE “Número de nacidos vivos de mujeres de 15 a 19 años”. Fuente Denominador: Proyección de Poblaciones – DANE “Población de mujeres de 15 a 19 años”.  Forma de Calculo: Numerador/denominador*1.000.
Park Attendance
Average visitors per month to San Mateo County parks July 2013 - June 2014. Park attendance information is collected by park rangers on a daily basis and then aggregated to a monthly average.
Programación de ensayos de aptitud del Instituto Nacional de Metrología para el año 2020
Programación del servicio de ensayos de aptitud prestado por el Instituto Nacional de Metrología para la vigencia del año 2020
Capital Improvement Program (CIP) Project Status
This dataset includes pertinent information relating to a capital project’s status administered by the Department of Transportation and the Department of General Services. The current phases for the projects will be updated quarterly and the list of projects will be updated annually when the County Council approves capital projects in May.  Supplemental or projects added during the year will be added as they are approved by the County Council.    Update Frequency:  Quarterly
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2008 Q4
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2008 Q4
Presidentes de Junta de Acción Comunal
Conozca la base de datos de los presidentes de las Juntas de Acción Comunal de municipio de Suesca en a vigencia del 2020
Loaded Containers Monthly Imports and Exports Through Port Authority of NY NJ Maritime Terminals:  Beginning 2000
This dataset describes the total volume of Import and Export Loaded Containers moved through maritime terminals located within Port Authority property in the Port of New York and New Jersey in Twenty Foot Equivalent Units (TEUs). It is reflected and reported on an annual basis
Parques Municipio Yopal
Parques Municipio de Yopal y su ubicación.
JRI: Monthly Superior Court Case Filings by Case Type
A count of the monthly case filings to Fulton County Superior Court by case type.
Permits Issued in the last 12 Months
Permits info including dates, type, use, value, etc.
Municipal Energy and Water Consumption and Cost
Energy and water data by site.
Alberta Open Data Portals View
A list of Open Government Data Portals in the Province of Alberta.
Suffolk County Budget Expenditures: 2013
The Operating Budget details the expenditures for the County's day-today operation. The Operating Budget contains the perating expenses for all County departments and agencies for the fiscal year. These expenses include the costs for personnel, supplies, equipment, and maintenance and repair of equipment and buildings.
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Schedule H - Loans Made to Others
This dataset includes all itemized loans made to others ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Schedule "H" Loans Made to Others from 1998 to the present.The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
APS 3.3 Investigations: Findings of Abuse by Region with Demographics FY2010-2019
Allegation Disposition (Findings):  Valid. Based on the standard of preponderance of the evidence, it is more likely than not that the maltreatment occurred.  Invalid. Based on the standard of preponderance of the evidence, it is more likely than not that the maltreatment did not occur.  Unable to Determine. A preponderance of the available evidence is insufficient to support a finding of Valid or Invalid.   Other.  The allegation disposition Other is used when an investigation of the allegation was not completed for some reason, e.g. clients died or cases were misclassified.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs.
Comentarios_Campaña_Activados
La campaña Activados buscó recopilar propuestas ciudadanas que permitan aumentar y mejorar los canales de participación del Estado colombiano
DSS Township Counts - by Age - CY 2017
DSS CY 2017 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2017, by township and age group. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
GE - Payments by Year, Channel, and Service
Number and value of transactions processes through the City Treasurer's Office broken down by channel, service, and payment type
LA County CRAM Scores (2014-2017)
California Rapid Assessment Method (CRAM; an assessment method for monitoring the condition of wetlands) spatial data was sourced from EcoAtlas.
DOF: Cooperative Comparable Rental Income – Brooklyn – FY 2008/2009
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Emergency Dept Visits Per 100,000 All States Homes
Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Emergency Dept Visits Per 100,000 All States Homes
HCD Property Investments FY10-FY20
Address-level dataset of of properties receiving HCD services from July 1, 2009 - June 30, 2020 (FY10-FY20). Data was combined in June-July 2020 from multiple sources, including IDIS (HUD data and reimbursement system), tracking spreadsheets maintained by HCD managers, and WAPez (weatherization data system).
ACT Bike Barometer - MacArthur Avenue
This dataset contains the number of trips counted by the bike barometer located on the Sullivan's Creek shared path at the intersection with MacArthur Avenue in O'Connor.  The data is recorded in hourly intervals, and is collected using an induction loop similar to systems used for traffic light monitoring. Trips in both directions are included in the recorded counts.
Perfil Epidemiológico Segundo Trimestre 2018
PROPORCIÓN DE PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR IPS
Activos de información
Activos de información Alcaldía titiribí
Presión Atmosférica
Presión Atmosférica horaria. Los datos disponibles a través de este medio pueden ser libremente consumidos bajo los siguientes clausulas: 1.Los datos a visualizar o descargar a continuación no han sido validados por el IDEAM. 2. Los datos aquí dispuestos son datos crudos instantáneos provenientes de los sensores de las estaciones automáticas de la red propia y/o producto de convenios interadministrativos con terceras entidades. 3. Los datos son puestos a disposición de la ciudadanía como mecanismo de transparencia y para proveer una herramienta de apoyo a la gestión del riesgo territorial y como datos abiertos en cumplimiento de la Ley 1712 de 2014. 4. Es posible que los datos aquí dispuestos tengan cierto retraso en el tiempo debido a las frecuencias de envío de datos de los sensores y los medios de transmisión utilizados. 5. Los datos presenten errores y/o inconsistencias estando incluso por fuera de los límites considerados normales, producto de fallas en los sensores de origen. 6. El posterior uso e interpretación que se le dé para cualquier finalidad queda bajo la exclusiva responsabilidad del portador de los datos. 7. Cualquier destino que se le dé a los datos exime al IDEAM de realizarles cualquier tipo de justificación o iniciarles proceso alguno de validación posterior, cuya fuente primaria deben ser los canales oficialmente dispuestos por la Entidad para el suministro de información oficial y validada. 8. Por las razones expuestas anteriormente los datos dispuestos no podrán ser utilizados como evidencia jurídica ante entes de control acerca de la ocurrencia o no de fenómenos hidroclimatológicos o de soporte a cualquier tipo de situación o evento ocurrido como consecuencia de estos.
HouseHartford Comittment 2005 to June 1 2014
HouseHartford is a HUD funded program that offers down payment assistance for low/moderate income families purchasing 1-4 family homes and condominiums in Hartford. Updated Monthly.
Evanston Police Department Use of Force
A use-of-force report is required every time an officer uses physical force to effect an arrest and whenever an officer is injured while effecting an arrest.
NNDSS - TABLE 1T. Invasive pneumococcal disease, age<5 , Confirmed to Invasive pneumococcal disease, age <5, Probable
NNDSS - TABLE 1T. Invasive pneumococcal disease, age<5 , Confirmed to Invasive pneumococcal disease, age <5, Probable  - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.   Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).   § Includes drug resistant and susceptible cases of Invasive Pneumococcal Disease.
Directorio Rectores Establecimientos 2017 departamento del Meta
Directorio de establecimientos educativos en el departamento del meta 2017
BALANCES  PASIVA DE LA E.S.E HOSPITAL SAN VICENTE DE PAUL FÓMEQUE
Promedio de los  balances  pasiva por   de la   E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque  del cuarto trimestre del 2018.
Somerville_QualityOfLife
Contains data on selected quality of life incidents from Somerville Police Department dating back to 2015. Data has been anonymized to protect privacy.
2012 Census - Population By Marital Status (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Fe Peterson 2016 Ncc Nutrients
InPort Dataset ID: 30852 InPort Entity ID: 37558 Nutrient Data Associated with NCC Surveys.
Unplanned Hospital Visits - Hospital
Unplanned Hospital Visits – provider data. This data set includes provider data for the hospital return days (or excess days in acute care [EDAC]) measures, the unplanned readmissions measures, and the result of unplanned hospital visits after an outpatient procedure.
Community Enhancement Fund Awards
This dataset contains all the non-profit agencies that were awarded Community Enhancement Fund (CEF) funds by the Metropolitan Government from the year ended June 30, 2009 to current.  This dataset is updated on an annual schedule.
Reporte Plan de Desarrollo Indicativo 2019
Reporte Plan de Desarrollo Indicativo 2019
Brownfield Real Property Tax Credit and Environmental Remediated Insurance Credit: Beginning Calendar Year 2005
The Department of Taxation and Finance annually produces a mandated report of taxpayers claiming Brownfield Credits to help analyze the effects of the program.  Chapter 390 of the Laws of 2008 created Section 171-r of the Tax Law that requires the Tax Department to produce a Brownfield Credit Report by January 31st of each year. Additionally, Part BB of Chapter 56 of the Laws of 2015 amends Section 171-r to require the Tax Department to produce a supplemental Brownfield Credit Report by January 31, 2016 containing the credits claimed for the years 2005, 2006, and 2007.  The mandates require the Department to include the name of each taxpayer claiming the brownfield redevelopment tax credit, the remediated brownfield credit for real property taxes, or the environmental remediation credit, the amount of credit earned, and information identifying the brownfield project generating the credit. The Tax Department is also authorized to include any other information that it deems useful in analyzing the effects of the program.
Individual Provider Network Data: 2018 Quarter 3
The individual Provider Network Data displays information on individuals participating in health plan networks from July through September, 2018. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by the Department of Health, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans.
Nacimientos en el Archipiélago por Etnia
Numero mensual de nacimientos en el Archipiélago de San Andrés, Providencia y Santa Catalina por etnia
Citizen Calls for Service
Statistics include all active calls assigned to Patrol units and the top four categories of response urgency, such as violent crimes and crimes in progress.
Monthly Motor Fuel - National
Summary monthly motor fuel data on the amount of on-highway fuel used at the national level.  Includes the amount of gallons of gasoline/gasohol and special fuel (primarily diesel) taxed each month.
Consultation Training
This dataset provides a listing of the training sessions provided by the Consultation division of Aboriginal Affairs from 2012 to 2017.
FY2012 F65 City
F-65 Data Summary Cities 2012
Oceanographic Trawl Data - Ocean Survival of Salmonids
A study to evaluate the role of changing ocean conditions on growth and survival of juvenile salmon from the Columbia River basin as they enter the Columbia River plume and Pacific Northwest coastal habitats. Adult returns vary dramatically (over 10 fold) as a result of changing (good or bad) ocean conditions juveniles experience. Evaluating the benefit of restoration efforts in the Columbia River to restore endangered salmon populations needs to consider ocean conditions as a contributing factor to recovery. This is a large collaborative project with contributions from NWFSC, Oregon State University, and Oregon Health and Science University.  The work focuses on three objectives:  1) Determining the distribution, growth, and condition of juvenile Columbia River Chinook and coho salmon in the plume and their ocean environments with associated physical and biological features, and effects on salmon survival via regular spring and summer surveys.  2) Using additional focused surveys to obtain critical pieces of information on predator impacts, specific food resources, biological condition, and means by which juvenile salmon exit the Columbia River estuary.  3) Synthesizing the early ocean ecology of juvenile Columbia River Chinook and coho salmon, test mechanisms that control salmonid growth and survival, and produce ecological indices that forecast salmonid survival.   This project provides critical information on marine survival to the Columbia River salmonid management community (hydrosystem, harvest, hatchery, and habitat management) provides environmental indicators useful for forecasting salmon returns, and provides a greater understanding of ecological controls on salmon populations. This is a long-term monitoring and research project initiated in 1998.  Nekton and juvenile salmon collections from surface trawl.
Police Commissioned Separations
This dataset shows the number of Memphis Police Department officers who depart the force each month (monthly attrition) and reasons for departure.
NYC Covered Building's List (2012)
The covered building list identifies properties required to comply with Local Law 84: Benchmarking.
Election Event Calendar
This dataset contains a list of key election dates and deadlines as prescribed by the Maryland State Board of Elections.  Update Frequency : Annually
Annual All Utah Air Quality 2002
Annual All Utah Air Quality 2002
Debt: Ratio of Debt Service
Provides total debt cap and voter approved amount.
Daily Nitrogen Dioxide Emissions Utah 2008
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Nitrogen Dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Watershed Health Monitoring: Excess Sediment in Salmon/Trout Streams
This file lists random sites sampled by the Department of Ecology's Watershed Health Monitoring program during 2009-2016. The list is limited to those sites known to be occupied by salmon or trout at some time during the year. It also shows percentage of the stream network represented by the site and whether the observed sediment on the surface of the stream bottom exceeded levels estimated to be optimum for sediment-sensitive salmonids.
Crime Data from 2010 to 2019
This dataset reflects incidents of crime in the City of Los Angeles from 2010 - 2019. This data is transcribed from original crime reports that are typed on paper and therefore there may be some inaccuracies within the data. Some location fields with missing data are noted as (0°, 0°). Address fields are only provided to the nearest hundred block in order to maintain privacy. This data is as accurate as the data in the database. Please note questions or concerns in the comments.
Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) - Closures
Road closures around lax. Data changes over time based on the frequency of closures to lower or upper levels
Zonas permitido de Parqueo Nocturno
Esta base de datos contiene la programación diaria de la zona de permitido Parqueo Diurna, horario 7pm a 3a.m.
FY2017 City of Providence Proposed Budget
Mayor Jorge O. Elorza's Proposed Budget for the Fiscal Year July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017
Civilian Complaint Review Board (CCRB) - Complaints Received
The New York City Civilian Complaint Review Board (CCRB) is an independent agency. It is empowered to receive, investigate, mediate, hear, make findings, and recommend action on complaints against New York City police officers alleging the use of excessive or unnecessary force, abuse of authority, discourtesy, or the use of offensive language. The Board’s investigative staff, composed entirely of civilian employees, conducts investigations in an impartial fashion. The Board forwards its findings to the police commissioner.    Note: More than one allegation may be in a complaint.
Choose Maryland:  Compare Counties - Education
K-12 and higher education - enrollment, graduates, expenditures, institutions.
CT Controlled Substance Registrations vs. CT Practitioners Writing at Least 1 CS Prescription per Year
This data set shows the number of controlled substance registrations compared to the number of prescribers who wrote at least one controlled substance prescription per year
Mobile Food Vendors
Mobile food licenses that are currently active within the City of Colorado Springs.
2015 - 2016 Computer Science Report
New York City Department of Education 2015 - 2016 Computer Science Report
NYC Open Data: Public Dataset Requests
This dataset contains the list of dataset nominations submitted to the NYC Open Data team.
Park and Preserve Incidents, Reported by Rangers
Counts of ranger-reported incidents by calendar month by various categories of infractions and by park or preserve.  Rangers and law enforcement personnel enter these incidents into an internal tracking system.  Data spans a rolling, seven year period beginning seven years before the last update date.     The data includes monthly counts of citations and field identifications.
Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Module E1-06, Quantity of Food Consumed Produced at Home During the Last Week: Section 2
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the second spreadsheet of three in the Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Module E1-06, Quantity of Food Consumed Produced at Home During the Last Week.
LACERS Key Facts and Figures from Year End Financial Reports
This is a collection of data reported in LACERS Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR) since Fiscal Year End 2003, including data from the annual Actuarial Valuations generated after the end of each Fiscal Year.  Actuarial Valuations and CAFR documents, in electronic form, can be found on the LACERS.org website at https://www.lacers.org/aboutlacers/reports/index.html.
Project Level HUD Data Utah 2009
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents in Utah, summarized at the state, public housing agency (PHA), project, census tract, county, Core-Based Statistical Area and city levels as downloadable files
Fire Code Enforcement
Total number of businesses inspected to ensure compliance with the fire code; ensures the economic well-being of our businesses, continuity of employment, fire prevention, industrial accidents and haz mat releases
Conceptos descuento a matriculados por primera vez 2019-1
Conceptos por los cuales se dieron descuentos a los estudiantes matriculados por primera vez
Grupos de Causas de Defunción
Grupos de Causas de Defunción proporcionados por la Secretaría de Salud de Armenia, con corte al 31 de Diciembre de 2019
Registro informacion clasificada
En este acceso encontrará registro de información clasificada
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH35 B117 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAR2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM BENEFITS to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA’s determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
San Mateo County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in San Mateo County.
Estudiantes graduados por programa y genero
Estudiantes graduados en el periodo 2019-2 por programa académico  y genero
2016 Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Bloodstream Infection (BSI) Laboratory-Identified (LabID) Events Table (Original Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report facility-wide MRSA BSIs as part of Oregon’s mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
LISTADO VEHICULOS MATRICULADOS POR PERIODO POR MARCA - MAYO 2019
Cantidad de vehículos matriculados en el Departamento del Atlántico hasta el mes de Mayo 2019 .
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Swiney: Primiparous and multiparous Tanner crab egg extrusion, embryo development and hatching
This study compares timing of egg extrusion, embryo development, timing and duration of eclosion, and incubation periods of Kodiak, Alaska primiparous and multiparous Tanner crabs (Chionoecetes bairdi) reared in identical conditions to determine if and how these variables differ between reproductive states. Female reproductive state (primiparous or multiparous) and dates of egg extrusion were recorded, eggs were sampled monthly to determine egg stage and area, and larvae were collected daily during eclosion to determine timing and duration of eclosion.
State University of New York (SUNY) - NYS High School Attended by First Time Undergraduate Students: Beginning Fall 2010
Report by NYS High School of the number of SUNY First Time Undergraduates entering in the Term, who reported attending that High School.  The total number of First Time Undergraduates at SUNY from each High School is provided. The total is sub-divided by the SUNY Sector of the Institution the student is attending; Doctoral, Comprehensive, Technology and Community College.  The report also provides a total count by NYS County, which is an aggregate of all the high schools in that County.
FY2019 F65 Village
F-65 Data Summary Villages 2019
Austin Fire Stations
Location information for Austin Fire stations
CPS 6.5 Purchased Services - Permanency Care Assistance by Funding Source FY2011-2019
For children who cannot reunify and for whom adoption has been ruled out, the Permanency Care Assistance (PCA) Program provides a monthly subsidy to relatives and fictive kin that take legal custody as a permanent managing conservator and have been a verified foster care provider for the child for at least 6 months.  The PCA subsidy is similar to an adoption subsidy.  FOOTNOTES Does not include non-recurring payments.  Note:  The Permanency Care Assistance program began in Fiscal Year 2011.
SSA CPS Report And Removals 2013
Child Protective Services Report And Removals for 2013. This file shows by city and zipcode the number of child abuse reports received by Alameda County Social Services Agency, and how many children were removed from their homes and place into foster care in calendar year 2013. Rates per 1,000 children who live in the zipcode are also included.
Water Right Certificate Holders Utah
Through training and testing the following certificate holders have demonstrated knowledge and proficiency in Utah's Water Rights regulations.  This data sets contains names and contact information of certificate holders.
Education - New Commitments by Region and Sub-sector
This dataset provides the new commitments for education from FY1990 going forward. Data is available at sub-sector and regional level.
Uniform Crime Reporting System Arrests 2016
Arrests are the number of persons arrested, cited or summoned for all criminal acts in Part I and Part II Crimes for the given jurisdiction. "Arrestee" refers to the nature of the crime and age or other relevant demographic information of the individual arrested.
LADWP Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs)
Listing of the Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) between the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and the various unions which represent its workers.
Información organizacional
Número de reformas que se presentan en cada una de las entidades de los sectores administrativos de la Rama Ejecutiva del orden nacional distribuidas así: Modificación de planta o estructura de las entidades, supresión, creación, escisión y/o fusión de entidades públicas.  Nos interesa conocer su opinión sobre nuestros conjuntos de datos. Lo invitamos a diligenciar esta breve encuesta de satisfacción de datos abiertos: https://www.funcionpublica.gov.co/encuesta-institucional2
2005 Campaign Contributions
A listing of campaign contributions for candidates for City office during the 2005 election cycle
PCHEES Dashboard - Success in College Courses
Percentage of direct from high school students who enrolled in Math and English courses in a given academic year and completed college-level Math and English courses within the first two consecutive academic years.  Because this metric calculates success based on completion of Math or English courses within two academic years, more recent academic years will not have data.  The Evergreen State College is not included due to nature of courses.
Child Day Care (CDC) 2019-20 By Town ( Dec)
OEC Funded Child Day Care Contract spaces for Infants, Toddlers, Preschool, and School Age children by town and space type. 2019-20 Program Year.
SITIOS DE INTERÉS EN SANTA VERÓNICA
UBICACIÓN DE LOS SITIOS DE INTERÉS EN SANTA VERÓNICA
Hours of service provided by Calgary Transit
Calgary Transit provides service to customers measured in service hours.  Each hour of service reflects all paid hours of operations, both in service to customers and out of service.
GRADUADOS SEGUNDO SEMESTRE 2015
graduados del segundo semestre del 2015
Digital Signs - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from the May 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1735&as=uc6Rd6mV91&t=1    Open from May 09 - 16, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6760 Insight Community Members. 2238 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 33%. A total of 2257 respondents completed the survey: 2238 Insight Community Members and 19 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
City of Dallas Payment Register
City of Dallas Payment Register
CALIDAD DE AGUA
Calidad de Agua Febrero 2019
Form 700 Schedule A2 - Investments, Income, and Assets of Business Entities/Trusts
Investments, income, and assets of business entities/trusts where ownership interest is 10% or greater. Business entities (including certain independent contracting), sole proprietorships, partnerships, LLCs, corporations, and trusts. Link to Form 700 overview: http://www.fppc.ca.gov/Form700.html In this dataset the fields "address" and "realProperty_parcelAddress" are redacted. This dataset contains records from Schedule A2 across all electronic Form 700 filings with the SFEC.  To see all the data from a specific filing, you should search all the datasets listed <a href="https://sfethics.org/disclosures/city-officer-disclosure/statement-of-economic-interests-city-officer-disclosure/data-statement-of-economic-interests">on this page</a> and filter by the filingId of the specific filing.
Retention Rate Annual Data
This data measures the cumulative annual retention rate for City employees.
Public Events Calendar Listings
Machine readable version of public events calendar that is found at http://www.edmonton.ca/attractions_events/schedule_festivals_events/events-calendar.aspx
Primary Land Use Tax Lot Output (PLUTO)
Extensive land use and geographic data at the tax lot level in comma–separated values (CSV) file format. The PLUTO files contain more than seventy fields derived from data maintained by city agencies.    All previously released versions of this data are available at <a href="https://www1.nyc.gov/site/planning/data-maps/open-data/bytes-archive.page?sorts[year]=0">BYTES of the BIG APPLE- Archive</a>
My Property Website - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among several from the September 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5zLg5aUuUgZ6tfSCdB45KK?t=1  Open from September 11 - 18, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 9,497 Insight Community Members. 2,420 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 26%. A total of 2,431 respondents completed the survey: 2,420 Insight Community Members and 2 from the call to action button on our webpage and 9 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Medicaid Inpatient Prevention Quality Indicators (PDI) for Pediatric Discharges by Patient County: Beginning 2011
The datasets contain number of Medicaid PDI hospitalizations (numerator), county or zip Medicaid population (denominator), observed rate, expected number of hospitalizations and rate, and risk-adjusted rate for Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Pediatric Quality Indicators – Pediatric (AHRQ PDI) for Medicaid enrollees beginning in 2011. The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) Pediatric Quality Indicators (PDIs) are a set of population based measures that can be used with hospital inpatient discharge data to identify ambulatory care sensitive conditions. These are conditions where 1) the need for hospitalization is potentially preventable with appropriate outpatient care, or 2) conditions that could be less severe if treated early and appropriately. Both the Urinary Tract Infection and Gastroenteritis PDIs include admissions for patients aged 3 months through 17 years.  The asthma PDI includes admissions for patients aged 2 through 17 years.  Eligible admissions for the Diabetes Short-term Complications PDI includes admissions for patients aged 6 through 17 years.
Performance Metrics - Streets & Sanitation - Sanitation Code Complaints
The Department of Streets and Sanitation (DSS) investigates and remedies reported violations of Chicago’s sanitation code. Residents may request service for violations such as overflowing dumpsters and garbage in the alley. This metric tracks the average number of days the DSS takes to complete sanitation code violation requests per week. Median days to complete requests as well as total number of requests fulfilled per week are available by mousing over columns. Currently the performance target for completing sanitation code violation requests is 3 days. For more information on sanitation code complaints, see https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/me59-5fac
Inspections By Trade FY 2019
Inspections completed by trade for the current fiscal year.
Revalidation Reassignment List
List of Reassignments of Providers who are due for Revalidation
Prestadores de servicios de salud del departamento del Putumayo
Informacion de Hospitales del Departamento del putumayo
Range Township
Public Land Survey System range/township grid polygons for Pierce County, used for reference, analysis and presentation. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbparc_plsstownship.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use. (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf)
Sonoma County Rebuilding Permits
Rebuilding permits issued in unincorporated Sonoma County on parcels impacted by the 2017 Sonoma Fire Complex.
Funicular - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among several from the November 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5bXxA20u7SX96Y3PUC1tGM?t=1  Open from November 13 - 20, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 9,793 Insight Community Members. 2,180 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 22%. A total of 2,193 respondents completed the survey: 2,180 Insight Community Members and 6 from the call to action button on our webpage and 7 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Empresas Bogotá actividad Veterinarias CIIU 7500
Empresas matriculadas  y renovadas en el Registro mercantil de la Cámara de Comercio de Bogotá en 2019 en la actividad código CIIU 7500 veterinarias, localizadas en Bogotá.
Donde Comer en Santa Rosa de Cabal
Estos son algunos de los sitios en Santa Rosa de Cabal, donde puedes disfrutar de nuestros platos típicos y comida en general
CPS 4.1 Adoption - Children Waiting For Adoption on 31 August by Region with Demographics FY2010-2019
This chart counts the number of children in DFPS custody on August 31 of the fiscal year who meet all of the following criteria:   	 	(1) a court has terminated all parental rights;   	 	(2) the child has a plan of adoption; and   	 	(3) the child is not in an adoptive placement.    The count includes both children who are in an intended to be permanent home and children who are not in an intended to be permanent home. Use the filter to isolate these counts.  Children in DFPS custody are those for whom a court has appointed DFPS legal responsibility through temporary or permanent managing conservatorship or other court ordered legal basis. An adoptive placement occurs when the child's caseworker, the family's case manager, and the adoptive family sign paperwork officially placing the child in the home for adoption. Before the paperwork can be signed, a child must be free for adoption (meaning a court has terminated parental rights), have a permanency goal of adoption and the family must have been approved for adoption through a licensed child placing agency.
INDICE DE INFORMACION  CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
este documento contiene la relación de documentos con algún tipo de reserva legal y bajo especificaciones sobre los responsables y tiempos de reserva. de la alcaldía municipal de San Eduardo
Timberland Regional Library Registered Cardholders
This dataset reports on the number of registered cardholders in the Timberland Regional Library District, a five-county rural library district serving Thurston, Lewis, Mason, Pacific, and Grays Harbor counties. It includes a count of cardholders with activity in the previous 3 years, by each library location, card profile type, and year of last activity. Card profiles set library privileges for loan periods, limits on the number of items borrowed or requested, and access to digital materials, public computers, and other library resources.
Fremont Bridge Bicycle Counter
The Fremont Bridge Bicycle Counter began operation in October 2012 and records the number of bikes that cross the bridge using the pedestrian/bicycle pathways. Inductive loops on the east and west pathways count the passing of bicycles regardless of travel direction. The data consists of a date/time field: Date, east pathway count field: Fremont Bridge NB,  and west pathway count field: Fremont Bridge SB. The count fields represent the total bicycles detected during the specified one hour period. Direction of travel is not specified, but in general most traffic in the Fremont Bridge NB field is travelling northbound and most traffic in the Fremont Bridge SB field is travelling southbound.
Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes
Crash data for Maryland from January 2015 through June 2020. Data is accurate as of the creation of the data. Only Approved Crash reports have been included in the file. Related datasets include Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Vehicle Details (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes-Vehicle-Details/mhft-5t5y) and Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Person Details (Anonymized) (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes-Person-Details-/py4c-dicf)
City of Edmonton - Neighbourhoods
List of current neighbourhoods and their unique identifier number.  Included are both residential and industrial neighbourhoods.
Estadísticas Restitución Discriminadas GrupoEtario
Muestra número de personas asociadas a las solicitudes de restitución discriminadas por grupo etário.
Tacoma Neighborhood Council Districts
Attend a Neighborhood Council meeting in your area and help build stronger communities for the next 20 years!  Contact Carol Wolfe, Neighborhood Council Coordinator at 591-5384 or cwolfe@cityoftacoma.org to find out more about your Neighborhood Council
Bed & Breakfast Lodging Certificates
This dataset contains all bed and breakfast lodges that are registered with the Department of Permitting Services as provided for in the Montgomery County Zoning Ordinance (http://www.amlegal.com/).
Continuidad del Servicio 2016
INFORME CON EL PORCENTAJE MENSUAL DE CONTINUIDAD DEL SERVICIO
Privately Owned Public Open Spaces
Privately-owned public open spaces (POPOS) are publicly accessible spaces in forms of plazas, terraces, atriums, small parks, and even snippets which are provided and maintained by private developers. In San Francisco, POPOS mostly appear in the Downtown office district area. Prior to 1985, developers provided POPOS under three general circumstances: voluntarily, in exchange for a density bonus, or as a condition of approval. The 1985 Downtown Plan created the first systemic requirements for developers to provide publicly accessible open space as a part of projects in C-3 Districts. The goal was to “provide in the downtown quality open space in sufficient quantity and variety to meet the needs of downtown workers, residents and visitors.” (See Planning Code Section 138 for regulations). Since then, project sponsors for residential projects may provide POPOS instead of their required open spaces in the Downtown Residential (DTR) and Eastern Neighborhoods (Section 135 of the Planning Code). Learn more at http://sf-planning.org/privately-owned-public-open-space-and-public-art-popos
DOP Juvenile Cases Snapshot by Calendar Year
The number of active juvenile probation supervision cases on the last day of the reporting period (December 31)
Inventario Poblacional Del Ganado Bovino Valle del Cauca 2016
inventario detallado con la cantidad de ganado, definido por sexo y edad
Monthly provisional counts of deaths by age group, sex, and race/ethnicity for select causes of death
Provisional counts of deaths by the month the deaths occurred, by age group, sex, and race/ethnicity, for select underlying causes of death for 2019-2020. The dataset also includes monthly provisional counts of death for COVID-19, coded to ICD-10 code U07.1 as an underlying or multiple cause of death.
DIRECTORIO PRINCIPAL DE FUNCIONARIOS DEL INSTITUTO NACIONAL DE FORMACIÓN TÉCNICA PROFESIONAL DE SAN JUAN DEL CESAR
Directorio de las principales unidades administrativas y Académicas del Instituto Nacional de Formación Técnica Profesional de San Juan del Cesar - INFOTEP
MD COVID-19 - Total Confirmed Deaths by Date of Death
<b>Summary</b> The cumulative number of confirmed COVID-19 deaths among Maryland residents, by date of death.  <b>Description</b> The MD COVID-19 - Total Confirmed Deaths by Date of Death data layer is a collection of the statewide confirmed COVID-19 related deaths that have been reported each day by the Vital Statistics Administration by date of death. A death is classified as confirmed if the person had a laboratory-confirmed positive COVID-19 test result. Some data on deaths may be unavailable due to the time lag between the death, typically reported by a hospital or other facility, and the submission of the complete death certificate. Probable deaths are available from the MD COVID-19 - Total Probable Deaths by Date of Death data layer.  <b>Terms of Use</b> The Spatial Data, and the information therein, (collectively the "Data") is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory. The user assumes the entire risk as to quality and performance of the Data. No guarantee of accuracy is granted, nor is any responsibility for reliance thereon assumed. In no event shall the State of Maryland be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages of any kind. The State of Maryland does not accept liability for any damages or misrepresentation caused by inaccuracies in the Data or as a result to changes to the Data, nor is there responsibility assumed to maintain the Data in any manner or form. The Data can be freely distributed as long as the metadata entry is not modified or deleted. Any data derived from the Data must acknowledge the State of Maryland in the metadata.
MD COVID-19 - Testing Volume
<b>Summary</b> The daily cumulative total of COVID-19 tests administered in Maryland and the average percent daily positive rate.  <b>Description</b> Testing volume data represent the static daily total of PCR COVID-19 tests electronically reported for Maryland residents; this count does not include test results submitted by labs and other clinical facilities through non-electronic means. The percent positive rate is a seven-day rolling average of positive results as a percentage of all tests. Data are lectronic lab reports from NEDDSS.  <b>Terms of Use</b> The Spatial Data, and the information therein, (collectively the "Data") is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory. The user assumes the entire risk as to quality and performance of the Data. No guarantee of accuracy is granted, nor is any responsibility for reliance thereon assumed. In no event shall the State of Maryland be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages of any kind. The State of Maryland does not accept liability for any damages or misrepresentation caused by inaccuracies in the Data or as a result to changes to the Data, nor is there responsibility assumed to maintain the Data in any manner or form. The Data can be freely distributed as long as the metadata entry is not modified or deleted. Any data derived from the Data must acknowledge the State of Maryland in the metadata.
Moose Harvest Hunt Utah 2011
Moose Harvest Hunt Utah 2011
Playgrounds Remediated for Lead 2011
New Orleans playgrounds that underwent extensive lead remediation.
Percent of Veterans in Pierce County Government
Veterans in Pierce County Government Workforce
DSS Township Counts - by Assistance Type - CY 2017
DSS CY 2017 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2017, by township and assistance type. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
NNDSS - Table II. Hepatitis (viral, acute)
NNDSS - Table II. Hepatitis (viral, acute) - 2015.In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed.The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.    NP: Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, have been moved to Table 2 to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions. ��� Case counts for reporting year 2015 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.
COVID-19 Florida Data
Data retrieved from: https://floridahealthcovid19.gov/#latest-stats
Estado de la Situación Financiera, Económica, Social y Ambiental de la Alcaldía Municipal de Inzá Cauca, Vigencia 2017
A continuación los Estado de la Situación Financiera, Económica, Social y Ambiental de la Alcaldía Municipal de Inzá Cauca, Vigencia 2017
Sedes de los Establecimientos Educativos del sector oficial y no oficial por municipios - DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ
Contiene información básica de las sedes de los establecimientos educativos del sector oficial y no oficial por municipio del Departamento de Boyacá. Fuente: Sistema Integrado de Matricula – SIMAT.    Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Restaurantes
Restaurantes prestadores de servicio en la cabecera municipal de Sucre
Feed the Future Malawi: Baseline Household Survey, the Calculated Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index
This dataset contains variables making up the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index (WEAI) for the women that participated in this baseline survey.  The spreadsheet has 20 columns and 34,033 rows.  The Malawi Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in seven districts in the Central and Southern Regions: Mchinji, Lilongwe, Dedza, Ntcheu, Balaka, Machinga, and Mangochi.  The PBS was conducted from November 14 to December 22, 2012.  The overall objective of the survey is to provide baseline on data living standards, nutritional status, and women's empowerment in agriculture in the Zone Of Influence.  A total of 3,397 households in the ZOI were interviewed for the PBS, and these households were spread across 126 rural standard enumeration areas (SEAs) in the seven districts.
Smart Transportation - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many, from the February 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5tKHEJ44EOxCU3WV2dl88H?t=1    Open from February 13 - 20, 2018.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,131 Insight Community Members. 2,024 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 2,071 respondents completed the survey: 2,024 Insight Community Members and 7 from the call to action button on our webpage and 40 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Entidades de Almeida Boyacá
Directorio de Entidades públicas existentes en el municipio de Almeida en Boyacá con sus datos de contacto y horarios de atención
APD Arrests Dataset by Patrol Zone
Dataset highlighting arrests by Albany PD Officers for the past year to date GeoCoded by Patrol Zone. It is the same data as Arrests by Neighborhood  For purposes of crime statistics, the FBI Uniform Crime Report Hierarchy Rule requires when more than one offense occurs in an incident the highest priority crime is selected as the primary offense.
ACTQP HTS - Trip Rate of Individuals Categorised by Age and Gender
This data set provides a rate of trips taken by individuals sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey. The data is categorised by age and gender.   A trip is defined as the travel between two main activities, where a stop may constitute a change in transport mode. As an example: driving from home to a park and ride facility, then catching a bus to an interchange, then walking to a shop to purchase an item and finally walking to work is comprised of 4 ‘stops’ and two ‘trips’.  Note: This data represents travel and activity on an average weekday. Total trip rate includes ‘other/not stated’ gender respondents.
Education and Youth (2010-2012)
Most indicators throughout Vital Signs are created by acquiring and analyzing data collected from governmental agencies for some public administration purpose, such as 311 calls or housing inspections. However, data from the United States Bureau of the Census remains the best source for demographic and socioeconomic indicators for neighborhoods. The Census Bureau collects a wide variety of information through administration of both the decennial Census and the annual American Community Survey (ACS).
Strategic Measure_ CLL.C.2  Percentage of all Austin ZIP Codes where 70 percent or more of residents are the same race
This measure answers the question of percentage of zip codes that are comprised of 70 percent of more of the composition or race of residents. This indicator calculated the mix by dividing a racial category by total population. Data collected from the U.S. Census Bureau, American Communities Survey (5yr), Race (Table B02001). American Communities Survey (ACS) is a survey with sampled statistics on the citywide level and is subject to a margin of error. ACS sample size and data quality measures can be found on the U.S. Census website in the Methodology section. View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/scuh-nqaj
Funicular Trip Counts
This dataset contains the life to date trip count of Edmonton's Funicular.  The start date for the recording of the life to date trip count was on Aug 1, 2019.  A trip is travel from the bottom to the top OR from the top to the bottom (i.e. one way travel).  The trip count is recorded by the service/inspection person.  The trip count may not be recorded every day or may have missing counts.  In the instance where the count was missing, a -1 is recorded for the Trip Count.
Water Consumption And Cost (2013 - 2020)
Monthly consumption and cost data by borough and development. Data set includes utility vendor and meter information.
Nacimientos: Puerto Rico, años 2006-2013
Fuente:  Registro Demográfico, Estadísticas Vitales  ¹ Población al 1ro de julio  ²Tasa por 1,000 habitantes  Fecha de archivo:  22 de julio de 2014
Financial Health Dashboard
Open Michigan (OpenMichigan@michigan.gov) is the official State of Michigan account.  Any items created by other user accounts are not endorsed by the State of Michigan.     Standard financial reports are highly technical and complex, making it difficult to determine the real condition of government's financial health. The information provided in this dashboard provides measurements that are easy to understand, providing a clear picture of the financial health of government in Michigan. With measurements ranging from how government is doing in addressing pension obligations to information on total revenue and expenditures, this dashboard provides key metrics for financial health.
Registro De Obras Protegidas Por El Derecho De Autor Realizado Por Colombianos En En El Exterior 2000-2016 En La Dirección Nacional De Derecho De Autor
Obras protegidas por el derecho de autor registradas en la Dirección Nacional de Derecho de Autor por ciudadanos colombianos residentes en el exterior entre los años 2000 a 2016
Quitline – Services Available – Counseling - 2010 To Present
2010-2018.  National Quitline Data Warehouse (NQDW). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System.  NQDW Data.  National Quitline Data Warehouse (NQDW) assists in evaluating quitline activities and serves as a national resource for data on the use, success, and services of state quitlines.  States report data on quitline callers, quitting success, as well as the services provided by their quitlines. The NQDW consolidates this information for evaluating programs and improving quitline services.  The jurisdictions participating in this data collection effort include the 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico.
BB FY15 APPR Budget Summary Footer
BB FY15 Approved Budget Summary Footer
State Drug Utilization Data 2003
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
2011 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
2011 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
Botulism
The CDC Botulism Consultation Service, the Alaska Division of Public Health, and the California Department of Public Health provide clinical consultations on suspected cases of all types of botulism except infant botulism. These agencies are the only sources of antitoxin for non-infant botulism in the United States. The California Infant Botulism Treatment and Prevention provides clinical consultations on suspected infant botulism cases; it is the only source of antitoxin for infant botulism in the United States. Together, these clinical consultations provide expert guidance to clinicians and support the collection of epidemiologic and medical information for all suspected botulism cases reported in the United States.
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACION
Este documento describe los activos de información que se manejan al interior del Instituto de Financiamiento, Promoción y Desarrollo de Caldas, INFICALDAS.
ITA - U.S. International Trade in Goods and Services
Exports of goods and services - 1960 to 2019
Resultados de elecciones para Alcaldía de Sabaneta según movimiento y partidos políticos
Resultados de elecciones para Alcaldía de Sabaneta según movimiento y partidos políticos  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Power Supply Costs
Costs allowed in the fuel tariff include fuel for generation, transportation, renewable purchase power agreements, purchase power to serve retail customers, ERCOT fees and hedging. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
Dioxin And Dioxin-like Compounds Released By All Facilities Utah 2013
The following charts represent releases of TRI chemicals to the environment in the State of Utah . A "release" of a chemical means that it is emitted to the air or water, placed in some type of land disposal, or transferred off-site for disposal or release. This page shows the industries with the biggest releases of TRI chemicals in the area, the quantities of TRI chemical released over time, and which chemicals are being released in the highest quantities to air, water, land and off-site transfers for disposal or release.
2017 Evanston Police Department Complaint Dispositions
The dataset shows the number of complaints against Department Members and the disposition of those complaints.
Corregimientos y Veredas del municipio de Sincelejo
Corregimientos que pertenecen al municipio de Sincelejo con sus respectivas veredas y cacerios.
Active Sporting License Issuing Agents
The name, mailing address and telephone number for the retail establishments and municipalities that sell hunting, fishing, and trapping licenses and associated privileges and permits.
COMPARENDOS POR INFRACCIONES AL CÓDIGO DE POLICÍA
Comparendos por infracciones al Código de Policía de la Cuarta semana de enero del 2019 del Municipio los Patios.
Bronx 311 Air Quality Complaints
Air Quality 311 complaints in the Bronx, 2010-current
Sedes Aguas del Huila
Sedes de Aguas del Huila en el departamento del Huila
City Of Draper Assessed Property Tax Value 2005-2014
This data set contains assessed property tax valuation for the City of Draper from 2005-2014.  Property in Draper City is reassessed once every five years on average. The City assess property at approximately 55 percent of actual value for residential property and 100 percent of actual value for all other categories. Estimated actual  taxable value is calculated by dividing taxable assessed value by those percentages.  Assessed values are reported by the County on a calendar year basis rather than July 1 to June 30 fiscal year.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander population projections
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander population projections  The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
Capital Grant Awards 2018
Every year the Manhattan Borough President provides funding in support of various important capital projects throughout Manhattan. This funding is available to city agencies, nonprofit organizations, cultural institutions, and public schools for projects serving New York City purposes.
New York State Budget Vetoes: 2013-14
This data set includes vetoed reappropriation items from the 2013-14 enacted budget bills by veto number, agency, bill, fund type and justification.
Westlake PBL at Newton St Bicycle Counter
The counters consist of two small tube sensors stretching across the path, which are attached to a small metal counting box made by Eco-Counter. The tubes only count people riding bikes. They are very accurate and designed to be used on greenways and cycle tracks.
Police Calls for Service 01012005 to 12312015
Incidents reported to the Hartford Police Department by 911, Citizens, and Police Officers
Conflicto Armado Y Seguridad Ciudadana
SE CONSIDERA QUE EL MUNICIPIO TIENE UN INDICE MEDIO DE INCIDENCIA EN EL CONFLICTO ARMADO Y SEGURIDAD CIUDADANA,EL MUNICIPIO TIENE UNA UNIDAD DE ATENCIÓN A LAS VICTIMAS LA CUAL ARTICULA LAS SINERGIAS TERRITORIALES  ENTRE LO LOCAL LO DEPARTAMENTAL Y LO NACIONAL,PROPENDIENDO POR E CUMPLIMIENTO DE LA NORMATIVIDAD LO QUE CONLLEVA A QUE LA POBLACIÓN VICTIMA SEA PRIORIZADA EN LOS ASPECTOS FUNDAMENTALES DE LA INVERSIÓN SOCIAL.
Mortandad no clínica 2018
Estadísticas de mortalidad no clínica en el municipio de Ipiales para el año 2018, especificando el mes en que sucedieron, género de la victima y rango de edad
Hospitals
Address and Locations for Hospitals in Montgomery County, MD and the immediate vicinity.
General Licenses
Current Common Victualer (Restaurant), Alcohol, Motor Vehicle Reseller, Amusement, Coin Operated Devices, Pool Tables, Second Hand Goods, Hawker/Peddler licenses issued by the Inspectional Services department to Jun 30, 2020.
Organ Procurement facilities
Department of Health Organ Procurement facilities
Assisted Living Programs in Iowa
An Assisted Living Program (ALP) provides housing with contracted services for eligible seniors.  The contracted services may include health-related care, personal care, and assistance with activities of daily living.  Assisted living programs are to provide the housing and services in a homelike environment that encourages family involvement, tenant self-direction, and tenant participation in decisions.  A Dementia-Specific Assisted Living Program (ALP/D) is designed to provide specialized care for persons with dementia between Stages 4 and 7 on the Global Deterioration Scale in a dedicated setting.  Only programs that are certified by the Health Facilities Division of the Department of Inspections and Appeals may call themselves Assisted Living Programs.
S Summary Tables 12-05-2018
Snake AA summary table for 2018 SOS
Iron County Census Projections 2010-2060
This data set contains population projections from GOMB.
Census - Census Families
Characteristics of a census family (size, structure, family with children, annual income, annual income by family structure) organized by neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city.
NTIA - In coordination with DOC operating units, conduct outreach activities with government, industry, and multistakeholders groups to identify and address privacy and global free flow of information issues
Partner with stakeholders from industry, consumer groups, government, academia, and technical community to work towards crafting a consensus on privacy and global free flow of information issues. NTIA will seek public input and comments to lay the groundwork for these challenges. NTIA’s role is not to substitute its judgment for the views of stakeholders, but rather will ensure the process is open, transparent, and consensus-based.
Independent Campaign Expenditures and Electioneering Communications
This dataset contains information about independent expenditures, independent expenditure ads, and electioneering communications reported by individuals, businesses, unions, organizations, or any other person as defined in RCW 42.17A for the last 10 years as reported to the PDC on form C6 Independent Expenditure and Electioneering Communications.    Only expenditures meeting the following criteria are reportable (see RCW 42.17A for details):  Independent Expenditures of $100 or more  Independent Expenditure Ads appearing within 21 days of an election costing $1,000 or more  Electioneering Communications appearing within 60 days of an election costing $1,000 or more    This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.  Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.  CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See  RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
Índice de Agua No Contabilizada IANC del acueducto en el Municipio de Pereira
En este conjunto de dato podrá encontrar el informe con el porcentaje mensual de índice de agua no contabilizada, el cual representa la diferencia entre el volumen producido contra el volumen facturado en el acueducto del Municipio de Pereira.
Indice de Información Reservada y Clasificada URT
Indice de Información Reservada y Clasificada de la URT
Median House Prices by Transfer Year from 2000 - 2016
Median prices for dwellings/townhouses, and apartments by their year of settlement for the City of Melbourne.
Vital Signs: Jobs – by subcounty
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Jobs (LU2)  FULL MEASURE NAME Employment estimates by place of work  LAST UPDATED March 2020   DESCRIPTION Jobs refers to the number of employees in a given area by place of work. These estimates do not include self-employed and private household employees.  DATA SOURCE California Employment Development Department: Current Employment Statistics 1990-2018 http://www.labormarketinfo.edd.ca.gov/  U.S. Census Bureau: LODES Data Longitudinal Employer-Household Dynamics Program (2005-2010) http://lehd.ces.census.gov/  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Tables S0804 (2010) and B08604 (2010-2017) https://factfinder.census.gov/  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Current Employment Statistics Table D-3: Employees on nonfarm payrolls (1990-2018) http://www.bls.gov/data/  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) The California Employment Development Department (EDD) provides estimates of employment, by place of employment, for California counties. The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) provides estimates of employment for metropolitan areas outside of the Bay Area. Annual employment data are derived from monthly estimates and thus reflect “annual average employment.” Employment estimates outside of the Bay Area do not include farm employment. For the metropolitan area comparison, farm employment was removed from Bay Area employment totals. Both EDD and BLS data report only wage and salary jobs, not the self-employed.  For measuring jobs below the county level, Vital Signs assigns collections of incorporated cities and towns to sub-county areas. For example, the cities of East Palo Alto, Menlo Park, Portola Valley, Redwood City and Woodside are considered South San Mateo County. Because Bay Area counties differ in footprint, the number of sub-county city groupings varies from one (San Francisco and San Jose counties) to four (Santa Clara County). Estimates for sub-county areas are the sums of city-level estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey (ACS) 2010-2017.  The following incorporated cities and towns are included in each sub-county area: North Alameda County – Alameda, Albany, Berkeley, Emeryville, Oakland, Piedmont East Alameda County - Dublin, Livermore, Pleasanton South Alameda County - Fremont, Hayward, Newark, San Leandro, Union City Central Contra Costa County - Clayton, Concord, Danville, Lafayette, Martinez, Moraga, Orinda, Pleasant Hill, San Ramon, Walnut Creek East Contra Costa County - Antioch, Brentwood, Oakley, Pittsburg West Contra Costa County - El Cerrito, Hercules, Pinole, Richmond, San Pablo Marin – all incorporated cities and towns Napa – all incorporated cities and towns San Francisco – San Francisco North San Mateo - Brisbane, Colma, Daly City, Millbrae, Pacifica, San Bruno, South San Francisco Central San Mateo - Belmont, Burlingame, Foster City, Half Moon Bay, Hillsborough, San Carlos, San Mateo South San Mateo - East Palo Alto, Menlo Park, Portola Valley, Redwood City, Woodside North Santa Clara - Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Milpitas, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sunnyvale San Jose – San Jose Southwest Santa Clara - Campbell, Cupertino, Los Gatos, Monte Sereno, Saratoga South Santa Clara - Gilroy, Morgan Hill East Solano - Dixon, Fairfield, Rio Vista, Suisun City, Vacaville South Solano - Benicia, Vallejo North Sonoma - Cloverdale, Healdsburg, Windsor South Sonoma - Cotati, Petaluma, Rohnert Park, Santa Rosa, Sebastopol, Sonoma
Records For 2015
PRR 20055
SCHOOL ENROLLMENT  2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates
American Community Survey data of school enrollment in the Bronx
Desert Bighorn Sheep Harvest Hunt Utah 2011
Desert Bighorn Sheep Harvest Hunt Utah 2011
Skilled Nursing Care Facilities
Department of Health Skilled Nursing Care Facilities
LISTADO DE FUNCIONARIOS ACTIVOS EN LA ALCALDÍA DE SAN JUAN DE ARAMA 2020
Base de datos con información de los funcionarios de nomina de la Administración Municipal de San Juan de Arama
Matricula certificada 2014-15 por región y género
Matricula certificada al inicio del curso 2014-15 (M1)   Fecha: 14 de octubre de 2014   Nota: el grado PKE esta contabilizado en EE.
Airport Monthly Operational Report
Flight statistics from Austin-Bergstrom International Airport including passenger, mail, and cargo flights.  Updated monthly.  Note:  enplaned = departure, deplaned = arrival
Intern Grants
On page 49 of the SYIP. Part of the Special Project Grants section
2016 Census - Population by Single Year of Age and Gender (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Zoning Bylaw Map - History
An historic retention of the Zoning Bylaw Map.  Data is added to this dataset from the Zoning Bylaw Map each time the data is refreshed, regardless of changes in the data.  Source Map Link:  https://data.edmonton.ca/Thematic-Features/City-of-Edmonton-Zoning-Bylaw-Map/b4f2-gf2b
Nova Scotia Department of Justice - Perceived Safety from Crime when Walking Alone in Area After Dark
This dataset provides data on the level of perceived safety from crime felt by Nova Scotians walking alone in their area at night and is based on a question included in the Atlantic Quarterly survey administered by Corporate Research Associates (CRA)
Greenhouse Business Celebrations - FY19
The Greenhouse liaison services involving grand openings and business celebrations
Contratación Mes de Julio de 2019 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de julio de 2019, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
Vital Signs: Fatalities From Crashes – by crash
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Injuries From Crashes (EN4-6)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Fatalities from crashes (traffic collisions)    LAST UPDATED  October 2017    DESCRIPTION  Fatalities from crashes refers to deaths as a result of injuries sustained in collisions. The California Highway Patrol includes deaths within 30 days of the collision that are a result of injuries sustained as part of this metric. This total fatalities dataset includes fatality counts for the region and counties, as well as individual collision data and metropolitan area data.	    DATA SOURCE  National Highway Safety Administration: Fatality Analysis Reporting System    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  The data is reported by the National Highway Safety Administration's Fatalities Analysis Reporting System. 2016 data comes from the California Highway Patrol (CHP) to the Statewide Integrated Traffic Records System (SWITRS), which was accessed via SafeTREC’s Transportation Injury Mapping System (TIMS). The data was tabulated using provided categories specifying injury level, individuals involved, causes of collision, and location/jurisdiction of collision (for more: http://tims.berkeley.edu/help/files/switrs_codebook.doc). Fatalities were normalized over historic population data from the US Census and California Department of Finance and vehicle miles traveled (VMT) data from the Federal Highway Administration.    For more regarding reporting procedures and injury classification see the California Highway Patrol Manual (http://www.nhtsa.gov/nhtsa/stateCatalog/states/ca/docs/CA_CHP555_Manual_2_2003_ch1-13.pdf).
Illicit Discharge Detection & Elimination (IDDE)
Incident Tracking Form
Telefonía Móvil trafico de voz por proveedor
Información referente al tráfico de voz expresado en minutos de Proveedores de Redes y Servicios Móviles de acuerdo con la Resolución 5076 de 2016. Periodo desde 2017 2T
SD23 Measures List
Strategic Direction 2023 (SD23) is the City’s five-year plan and outlines imperatives to advance equitable outcomes across Austin. Utilizing an outcome-based approach to setting priorities and budgeting, SD23 enables the City to proactively address multiple time horizons, more thoughtfully assess performance, and improve community outcomes. This dataset displays all strategic measures that support the six outcome areas outlined in SD23: https://assets.austintexas.gov/financeonline/downloads/Austin-Strategic-Direction_2023.pdf
ENERGY STAR Certified Products - Lighting
This data set contains a simplified list of all currently certified ENERGY STAR Lighting models with basic model information collected across all product categories including ENERGY STAR Unique IDs, ENERGY STAR partners, model names and numbers, and brand names. Learn more about ENERGY STAR products at www.energystar.gov/products. A full list of ENERGY STAR specifications can be found at www.energystar.gov/specifications.
Apoyo Pymes  para el Municipio de Chía 2017
Información estadística Apoyo Pymes pequeñas y medianas empresa   para el Municipio de Chía 2017
East Palo Alto Library Percent completion
LIBEP Measure K Performance
Seattle Channel TV Schedule
The broadcast schedule for Seattle’s municipal TV station, featuring programming for the upcoming week. See http://www.seattlechannel.org/ for more information.
Mill Rates: 2012 Grand List Year For 2014 Fiscal Year
Description  A mill is equal to $1.00 of tax for each $1,000 of assessment. To calculate the property tax, multiply the assessment of the property by the mill rate and divide by 1,000. For example, a property with a assessed value of $50,000 located in a municipality with a mill rate of 20 mills would have a property tax bill of $1,000 per year.         Local property tax mill rates have been set for individual Connecticut municipalities for fiscal year 2013-2014. These rates are based upon the 2012 grand list and are available below. These are the most current mill rates and are reflected in each municipality's July 2013 tax bills
Provider of Services File - OTHER - March 2018
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).   The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
Alcohol Beverage Services Breakage Inventory
This dataset contains a log of breakages or wasted inventory. Update Frequency : Monthly
inventario_de_activos_de_la_informacion_yumbo
Inventario de la informacion de activos de la información de la Alcaldia de Yumbo-Valle.
Iowa Pandemic Recovery Reporting: State Expenditures
This dataset provides information on all expenditures made by the State of Iowa associated with Federal awards considered covered funds under Section 15011 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act.  Covered funds are federal funds appropriated through one of the following: the CARES Act; the Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2020 (Public Law 116–123); the Families First Coronavirus Response Act (Public Law 116–127); or any other Act primarily making appropriations for the Coronavirus response and related activities.
County Indicators - Languages - B16001 2013 3 YR
B16001 2013 3 YR
2016 Qualifying Health Plan Selections by APTC and County, as of February 1, 2016
All figures are based on plan selections with coverage periods that include March 2016. Advanced Premium Tax Credit (APTC) is generally available if a consumer's household income is between 100 and 400 percent of the federal poverty level. A consumer was defined as having an APTC if his or her applied APTC amount was greater than $0; otherwise, a consumer was classified as not having APTC.
Impaired Driving Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 5 - Chicago
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for people killed in crashes involving a driver with BAC =>0.08%, 2012, 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File. Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Prioritization of Health Equity Issues
The Department of Public Health, using the Community Health Assessment (CHA), will prioritize at least three health equity issues to address by June 30, 2020.
Cucuta Desertores Por Establecimiento Educativo
PORCENTAJE DE ALUMNOS EN EL ÁREA URBANA Y RULAR QUE DESISTEN TERMINAR EL AÑO ESCOLAR
EDUA - Contratos de Arrendamiento
EDUA - Contratos de Arrendamiento Empresa De Desarrollo Urbano De Armenia
Recoupment for Damaged City-owned Property
DOT's Recoupment Unit tracks the collection of monies for the repair or replacement of City-owned property damaged by vehicles.
Información  Cobertura Programa de Extensión Cultura Sep - Oct -Nov- Dici 2017
Información estadística Cobertura Programa de Extensión Cultura Sep - Oct -Nov- Dici- 2017
Purpose and Operational Size of Charities Operating in Colorado
Name, employer identification number, type and location, employee, mission statement, voting members, and volunteer counts for charitable organizations as filed with the IRS using Form 990, provided by the Colorado Department of State (CDOS) since 2011.
Traffic Crashes - Vehicles
This dataset contains information about vehicles (or units as they are identified in crash reports) involved in a traffic crash. This dataset should be used in conjunction with the traffic Crash and People dataset available in the portal. “Vehicle” information includes motor vehicle and non-motor vehicle modes of transportation, such as bicycles and pedestrians. Each mode of transportation involved in a crash is a “unit” and get one entry here. Each vehicle, each pedestrian, each motorcyclist, and each bicyclist is considered an independent unit that can have a trajectory separate from the other units. However, people inside a vehicle including the driver do not have a trajectory separate from the vehicle in which they are travelling and hence only the vehicle they are travelling in get any entry here. This type of identification of “units” is needed to determine how each movement affected the crash. Data for occupants who do not make up an independent unit, typically drivers and passengers, are available in the People table. Many of the fields are coded to denote the type and location of damage on the vehicle. Vehicle information can be linked back to Crash data using the “CRASH_RECORD_ID” field. Since this dataset is a combination of vehicles, pedestrians, and pedal cyclists not all columns are applicable to each record. Look at the Unit Type field to determine what additional data may be available for that record.
Provider of Services - CLIA - June 2016
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV). The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly.
Annual Redi- Wheels Ridership for Measure K
Paratransit ridership for San Mateo County
Infant death rate (per 1,000 live births), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of deaths occurring in infants under 1 year of age in a given year per 1,000 live births.    Definition:  Rate of death occurring under 1 year of age in a given year per 1,000 live births to resident mothers in the same year.    Data Sources: (1) New Jersey Birth Certificate Database, (2) Linked Infant Death-Birth Database, New Jersey    History:  MAR 2014  - 2020 target based on 2007 data.    MAR 2017  - Baseline year changed from 2007 to 2010.  - 2020 targets modified to reflect a 10% improvement over 2010 baseline for total population and all racial/ethnic groups
Chicago Public Schools - Middle School Attendance Boundaries SY1920
Attendance boundaries for middle schools in the Chicago Public Schools district for school year 2019-2020. Note: only 24 middle schools have attendance boundaries in school year 2019-2020. Middle school boundaries are often established to relieve overcrowding at nearby elementary schools. Generally, all students in the applicable middle school grades who live within one of these boundaries may attend the school.  This dataset is in a forma​​t for spatial datasets that is inherently tabular but allows for a map as a derived view. Please click the indicated link below for such a map.  To export the data in either tabular or geographic format, please use the Export button on this dataset.
Health and Human Services Prequalification Catalog
The services and definitions used by HHS Accelerator, the City's system for procuring health and human services, to prequalify providers and describe services procured through RFPs.
Neighborhood Associations 8-31-2018
This is the most current shape files of the Neighborhood Associations for St. Petersburg
Patrol Divisions
Little Rock Police Department's Patrol_Districts are based on the detailed Police_Atoms. Each polygon represents a Police Patrol District, used for reference by the Police Dispatcher.
Resultados de laboratorio de salud publica
Listas estadísticas de los resultados de los análisis en forma general Gobernacion Huila
National Internet Usage
Percent of US Adults who use the internet (Pew Research Center January 12, 2017) http://www.pewinternet.org/fact-sheet/internet-broadband/
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH32 B120 POST-VIETNAM ERA VETERANS' EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE NOV2018
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide educational assistance to persons entering the Armed Forces after December 31, 1976, and before July 1, 1985; to assist persons in obtaining an education they might otherwise not be able to afford; and to promote and assist the all volunteer military program of the United States by attracting qualified persons to serve in the Armed Forces. The participant must have entered on active duty on or after January 1, 1977, and before July 1, 1985, and either served on active duty for more than 180 continuous days receiving an other than dishonorable discharge, or have been discharged after January, 1, 1977 because of a service-connected disability. Also eligible are participants who serve for more than 180 days and who continue on active duty and have completed their first period of obligated service (or 6 years of active duty, whichever comes first). Participants must also have satisfactorily contributed to the program. (Satisfactory contribution consists of monthly deduction of $25 to $100 from military pay, up to a maximum of $2,700, for deposit in a special training fund.) Participants may make lump-sum contributions. No individuals on active duty in the Armed Forces may initially begin contributing to this program after March 31, 1987.</p>
Concejales Del Municipio De Sucre Sucre
Lista de los concejales del municipio Sucre - Sucre
Concentrations of Protected Classes from Analysis of Impediments
A new component of fair housing studies is an analysis of the opportunities residents are afforded in “racially or ethnically concentrated areas of poverty,” also called RCAPs or ECAPs. An RCAP or ECAP is a neighborhood with significant concentrations of extreme poverty and minority populations.  HUD’s definition of an RCAP/ECAP is:  •	A Census tract that has a non‐white population of 50 percent or more AND a poverty rate of 40 percent or more; OR  •	A Census tract that has a non‐white population of 50 percent or more AND the poverty rate is three times the average tract poverty rate for the metro/micro area, whichever is lower.    Why the 40 percent threshold? The RCAP/ECAP definition is not meant to suggest that a slightly‐lower‐than‐40 percent poverty rate is ideal or acceptable. The threshold was borne out of research that concluded a 40 percent poverty rate was the point at which a neighborhood became significantly socially and economically challenged. Conversely, research has shown that areas with up to 14 percent of poverty have no noticeable effect on community opportunity. (See Section II in City of Austin’s 2015 Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing Choice: http://www.austintexas.gov/sites/default/files/files/NHCD/Reports_Publications/1Analysis_Impediments_for_web.pdf)    This dataset provides socioeconomic data on protected classes from the 2008-2012 American Community Survey on census tracts in Austin’s city limits and designates which of those tracts are considered RCAPs or ECAPs based on these socioeconomic characteristics. A map of the census tracts designated as RCAPs or ECAPs is attached to this dataset and downloadable as a pdf (see below).
Rugby Fields
List of rugby fields in Edmonton
Development Permits
Applications for development permits in Calgary. For more information on the development permit process visit <a href="http://www.calgary.ca/PDA/pd/Pages/Permits/Development-permits/Development-Permit-Process.aspx">Calgary.ca</a>.  Permits from 1979-2000 come from a legacy system and are more likely to be incomplete or missing.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of November 2018.</p>
Motor-vehicle Related Injuries Death Rate (per 100,000 persons), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of deaths due to motor vehicle-related injuries (per 100,000 persons)    Definition: Deaths with motor vehicle-related injury as the underlying cause of death. Motor vehicle-related deaths include motor vehicle and motorcycle drivers and passengers, pedestrians, and bicyclists struck by motor vehicles both on roadways in traffic and in other areas such as parking lots and driveways. ICD-10 codes: V02-V04, V09.0, V09.2, V12-V14, V19.0-V19.2, V19.4-V19.6, V20-V79, V80.3-V80.5, V81.0-V81.1, V82.0-V82.1, V83-V86, V87.0-V87.8, V88.0-V88.8, V89.0, V89.2    Data Source:    1) Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. Compressed Mortality File. CDC WONDER On-line Database accessed at http://wonder.cdc.gov/cmf-icd10.html    2) Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    3) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
LISTA DE CONTRATOS CDMB
CONTRATISTAS  CDMB
Water Quality 2017
These are the highlights from the 2017 City of St. Petersburg Water Quality report. A detailed report can be found on the St. Petersburg website.
State Highway Work Permits Issued:  Beginning 2010
Highway Work Permits are issued by the New York State Department of Transportation (DOT) for any work conducted in the NY State highway right of way.  The review and approval of proposed work in the right of way is important to keep the complex and heavily used transportation system operating efficiently, reliably and safely.  The Highway Work Permits dataset is a listing of all work permits issued on an annual basis.  Highway Work Permits ensure that any work done within the State right of way and the resulting finished project meets the standards and policies of public safety, highway laws and regulations, preservation and function of the highway, and that the work is in the best interests of the traveling public as well as the owner of the project. This dataset includes information on the term of the permits, type of work, applicant name and location of the work.
Peak Demand Reduction
Peak demand is the highest point of energy use on any given day and typically occurs between the hours of 4 and 6 p.m. Austin Energy’s energy efficiency and demand reduction programs are designed to lower energy usage and reduce the amount of load on the electric system. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/advantage and http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
3810P_Administration and Support
Performance measures dataset
Presidentes Organismos Comunales Tauramena Cas
Base de Datos de Presidentes de los Organismos Comunales del Municipio de Tauramena
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Language Spoken at Home for the Population 5 Years and Ability to Speak English
*Asian/Pacific Islander  Language questions were only asked of persons 5 years and older. The language question is about current use of a non-English language at home, not about ability to speak another language or the use of such a language in the past. People who speak a language other than English outside of the home are not reported as speaking a language other than English. Similarly, people whose mother tongue is a non-English language but who do not currently use the language at home do not report the language.   Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP02.
LEAF Performance Indicator Data: Platforms and Capacity Increase
This dataset lists a number of LEAF platforms and the dates they were appraised as having increased the capacity of LEAF activities.
Open Budget Revenues
Listing of the adopted revenue budget, actual collected revenue tied to budgetary accounts, and year end estimates. This includes the accounting string that describes which fund, organizational department and the activity rollup of the department for the corresponding adopted budget, amended budget, and actual expenditures.    The data contained on this website is for informational purposes only and represents adopted budget, revenues, and year end estimates of the City of Mesa. The data does not include internal transfers or accounting adjustments. The data as represented is unaudited and may contain omissions. For audited financial statements please reference the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR). Certain Activity assignments may change mid-year. This year-to-date information is updated monthly and represents the most current activity assignment regardless of the assignment at the time of the transaction.
Food Council 2016 - Edmonton Insight Community
This was a separate survey topic from February 2016 Food Council survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=820&as=xQ5IM42cq8&t=1    Open from January 25, 2016 to February 15, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 4288 Insight Community Members. 1893 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 44%. A total of 2218 respondents completed the survey: 1893 Insight Community Members and 325 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
SEGUIMIENTO AL PLAN DE DESARROLLO MUNICIPAL CUARTO TRIMESTRE
SEGUIMIENTO AL PLAN DE DESARROLLO MUNICIPAL CUARTO TRIMESTRE
OPD Calls For Service
This dataset comes from the Orlando Police Department records management system. It includes all calls for service regardless of where or who initiates the call. This includes 911 calls, non-emergency calls and officer-initiated calls. Calls that are of a sensitive nature when they come in or are sensitive based on the case that is opened from the call are excluded to protect the privacy of the victims.    Fields in the OPD Calls for Service Data Set:  Incident Number - Automatically assigned at the time the incident is created in OPD records management system. First four characters indicate the year the incident was created in the system.  Incident Date Time - Day and time of the incident  Incident Location - Block level address or intersection of the location  Incident Type - Type of call  Incident Disposition Class - Category of disposition given as a result of the call  Incident Disposition - The disposition given as a result of the call  Status - This is an information only field to designate if the City was able to map the Incident Location to a latitude and longitude  Location - Mapped latitude and longitude to the center of the block at the middle of the street of Incident Location      Disclaimer: The data is derived from the Orlando Police Department’s Records Management Systems, we acknowledge there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. The City of Orlando does not guarantee the accuracy of the information. The City of Orlando will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited.  Additionally, because OPD policy and operations regarding reporting might change, the data may have limited value for comparisons over time
Homicidios Municipio De Palmira Año 2017
Homicidios 2017  Municipio de Palmira  Periodo 1 de Enero hasta 31 de diciembre de 2017. Fuente: Secretaría de Seguridad y Convivencia Municipio de Palmira con Datos de Policía, Sijin, CTI, Fiscalía, Medicina Legal *Información Sujeta a Cambios.
Guatemala Maternal health and Sanitation Data: Section 1
Data on maternal Health and household sanitation in Segamil and Paisano in Guatemala In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
DAC Mental Health (Trueblood) Jail Days Saved
Number of jail days saved by release plan or mitigation created by Assigned Counsel.
DISCONTINUIDAD
DISCONTINUIDAD MAYO  2020
Monthly population indicators through 2018
Monthly population indicators (residential addresses actively receiving mail) through 2018 by ZIP and parish for the New Orleans metro
INDICADORES DE PRODUCCIÓN 2018
Indicadores de producción del decreto 2193 de 2004, reportados en la plataforma SIHO del Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social, correspondientes a la vigencia 2018
2015 - 2016 Arts Report
Data is  based off of STARS scheduling data for grades 1-6 and additional data for grades 1-5 is self-reported, collected through the Annual Arts Survey. All data is available at the school-level only.
Work Zone Data Exchange (WZDx) Feed Registry
This dataset contains the up-to-date metadata on Work Zone feeds that meet the Work Zone Data Exchange (WZDx) specifications and is registered with USDOT ITS DataHub.  The current work zone data from each feed can be accessed through their respective API links or through the <a href="https://usdot-its-workzone-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">ITS WorkZone Sandbox</a>, which contains an archive of the data.
Daily Nitrogen Dioxide Emissions Utah 2004
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Nitrogen Dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Total Compensation and Expenses FY2015-2020
State employee salary, benefits and expense reimbursement information starting with fiscal year 2015.  For the purpose of this report, all employees of the Department of States Attorneys and Sheriffs are included.  Employees in the respective county offices , such as States Attorneys, Sheriffs and Deputy States Attorneys are County employees not State employees. To access the pay and expense data for Fiscal years 2009-2014, please see data set: Total Pay and Expenses FY2009-2014. NOTE: Individuals covered by the Safe At Home Act (Title 15 Sections 1150-1160) have been excluded from this list. 2017 Change - Temporary employees now earn sick leave per 21 V.S.A. § 487.
LinkNYC Usage Statistics
LinkNYC is replacing the City’s outdated public telephones with a network of kiosks that provide free high-speed Wi-Fi, nationwide calling, a dedicated 911 button, charging ports for mobile devices, and access to selected websites. This dataset contains data on how the LinkNYC kiosks are being used, including numbers of users, number of Wi-Fi sessions, amount of data transmitted, and other information.
Grupos De Investigación Universidad Del Cauca
Grupos de investigación y desarrollo convocatoria 781-2017
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS176
Driver Feedback Sign DFS176    Latitude: 53.440402  Longitude: -113.429593    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
CMT School Performance: 2010-2012
This dataset contains the school performance indices (SPIs) for 2009-10 (2010), 2010-11 (2011), and 2011-12 (2012) for all schools that administered the Connecticut Mastery Test (CMT). These data were published in the School Performance Reports released by the CT State Department of Education (CSDE) in December 2013 (see http://www.csde.state.ct.us/public/performancereports/20122013reports.asp)    Note: Cells are left blank if there is no SPI, which happens when there are small N sizes for a particular subgroup or subject.
Voter Registration Data
All registered voters in Oregon. Find more elections and voter statistics for Oregon at https://sos.oregon.gov/elections/Pages/electionsstatistics.aspx
155- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 3.1
Office of the Sheriff Objective 3.1- Reduce the number of warrants on file.FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Water Reclamation Facilities Inflow Average
This is the daily inflow for the three different Water Reclamation Facilities (WRF) in the City of St. Petersburg. It is updated on a daily basis. The data is from April 19, 2017 to present.
Feed the Future Northern Kenya Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-File 1
Feed the Future Northern Kenya Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence: This dataset (n=1,573, var=167) is the first of two datasets needed to calculate the WEAI-related measures. It contains Module G data from the primary adult (18+) female decisionmaker within each household (for the sub-sample of households with a primary adult female decisionmaker).
Bibliotecas Del Municipio De Baranoa
Bibliotecas Del Municipio De Baranoa
7520P_Community Capacity
Performance measures dataset
PPW_Concurrency of Arterial Miles
Pierce County has approximately 709 miles of arterials. A roadway fails concurrency when the daily traffic volume exceeds the established service level standard. From 2008 to 2017, the percentage of miles meeting concurrency increased 1.5%. The ten year average is 999.3%. Concurrency is published late in the year.
Pollution Burden
Pollution burden is calculated by the Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment’s CalEnviroScreen 3.0. This tool measures pollution burden as a combined score that includes Indicators of potential exposures to pollutants and environmental conditions (e.g., ozone, pesticides, toxic releases, traffic, hazardous waste). The pollution burden scores are averaged by majority race/ethnicity of Oakland census tracts.
Parcel Sales History
Provides the address, GPS coordinates, sales date and sales price for all sales in Nova Scotia from July 2010 onwards.
Cooperative Spend By Vendor
This data set is derived from vendor provided usage reports and is limited to spend with the identified vendor under the specific cooperative contract identified.  Cooperatives are utilized within Delaware’s Procurement activities pursuant to 29 Del. C., §§6933 and 6987. Some vendors have multiple contracts with the State and further data regarding business done with any identified vendor may be found in the State Checkbook and State Employee Credit Card Transactions datasets.
Nova Scotia Business Inc. Export Development and Investment Attraction Activity
Nova Scotia Business Inc. (NSBI), led by a private sector board of directors, is a business development agency for the province. NSBI’s mission is to help businesses across the province grow exports through access to business advisory services, skill development, and training to build trade capacity, market intelligence, financing, and support in accessing global markets. This includes developing new exporters and attracting innovative, globally competitive companies to establish a business location in Nova Scotia.
Cellular Performance Tests in Colorado 2015
Mobile device performance tests for cellular networks, latency, signal strength, download and upload performance tests by carrier from the Office of Information Technology (OIT).
2004 Primary Election Results
Votes received for candidates for state office by county and vote method for 2004 primary election
Calendar Events
Public events appearing on any one of the City's event calendars.
Incorporated associations
Access Canberra is responsible for the incorporation of associations in the ACT and maintaining the associations public record under the Associations Incorporation Act 1991 (the Act) and the Associations Incorporation Regulation 1991 (the Regulation).
Assessor Treasurer Lobby Wait Times
Monthly average wait and transaction times per service
2015 San Diego Demographics - School Enrollment and Educational Attainment
School enrollment refers to those 4-18 enrolled in school. The population ages 4-18 refers to those who would be eligible for Kindergarten to 12th grade. This estimate is based on the assumption that there is an equal distribution among specific age groups. Educational Attainment refers to the highest level of education completed in terms of the highest degree or the highest level of schooling completed. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B14002, S1401, and DP02.
EMS - Annual Report Open Data Table
This table shows ATCEMS fiscal year performance data that supports the ATCEMS annual report.
2018 Net Grand List by Town
The Grand List is the aggregate valuation of taxable property within a given town. The Total Net Grand Lists by Town Data includes a breakdown for taxable categories and exemptions under the following column headings:  Town Name, Residential, Commercial, Industrial, Public Utility, Vacant, Land Use, 10 Mill Forest, Apartments, Total Real, Real Exemptions, Total Net Real, Motor Vehicles, MV Exemptions, Total Net MV, Personal Property, Personal Property Exemptions, Total Net Personal Property, Total Net Grand List  Additional columns have been provided for detailed information regarding types of motor vehicles and personal property.
Community Energy Use
Electricity use, natural gas use, solar and building emissions data for residential and commercial sectors
Industry Employment
Number of people employed by local and key industries in New Orleans, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund  (ARTF) - Donor Contributions - BETA
Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund  (ARTF) - Donor Contributions: This data represents Donor contributions (pledges and paid-in amounts) towards the Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund (ARTF).
Kane County Census Projections 2010-2060
This data set contains population projections from GOMB.
Forest / Forêt
Forest cover polygons interpreted from aerial imagery on a 10 year cycle for the province of New Brunswick. The attributes contain information that describes the stand characteristics for that polygon area. /  Polygones de la couverture forestière interprétés à partir des images aériennes sur un cycle de 10 ans pour la province du Nouveau-Brunswick. Les attributs contiennent des renseignements qui décrivent les caractéristiques du peuplement correspondant à la superficie du polygone visé.
Listado de accidentes de tránsito 2016
Listado de accidentes de tránsito entre los años 2005 y 2016
Annual Average Daily Traffic (AADT): Beginning 1977
Annual Average Daily Traffic (AADT) is an estimate of the average daily traffic along a defined segment of roadway. This value is calculated from short term counts taken along the same section which are then factored to produce the estimate of AADT. Because of this process, the most recent AADT for any given roadway will always be for the previous year. Data is available for all New York State Routes and roads that are part of the Federal Aid System.
100-year storm + 66 inches Sea Level Rise
This data originates from San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission's Adapting to Rising Tides Program which performed extensive modelling of expected sea level rise impact across the entire 9-county bay area. This data shows inundation from 66 inches of sea level rise combined with a 100-year storm event (equaling 108 inches of total water level)
Local Law 44 - Development Team
The Development Team data table includes development team information for the developer (Borrower Legal Entity), GC, and subcontractors for each Local Law 44 Housing Development Project. This information is reported pursuant to Local Law 44 of 2012, and is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=HPD+Local+Law+44'>Housing Projects Receiving City Financial Assistance (Local Law 44) collection of data tables</a>.
Cotizaciones de obra civil
Estudio referencia mercado diferentes actividades que se cotizan para el desarrollo de una Obra Civil
Mortalidad_II_Semestre2019_HUEM
Datos de mortalidad en pacientes del HUEM durante el segundo semestre de 2019
EDTIF Program Totals Utah 2007
Approved in 2005, EDTIF is a state incentive program that allows local governments to create “economic development zones” in order to encourage job creation and capital investment. New or existing businesses creating new jobs or significant capital investment within these zones may apply for a partial rebate (30%) for up to 20 years of taxes paid to the state. The rebate may apply to “new state income” generated by the job growth or capital investment, including the payroll tax of the new employees, corporate income tax, and sales tax. Qualifying companies must create new jobs paying at least the median state wage.
Scenic Byways in Colorado
Line segment data of CDOT designated scenic byways in Colorado.
Epa Townetting Ctd Casts Profiles
InPort Dataset ID: 17849 InPort Entity ID: 36244 Water column profiles collected with SBE 19plusV2 SEACAT Profiler equipped with a SBE 43 Oxygen, WET Labs ECO-AFL/FL Flourometer and Turbidity, Biospherical/Licor PAR/Irradiance, and SBE 18 pH sensors. Profiles processed using SBE Data Processing.
Zip Codes: City of Memphis
The dataset describes the Zip Codes that are located within the City of Memphis Jurisdiction boundary
Housing Occupancy Distribution by City, 2016
Housing Occupancy Distribution by City, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2503, DP04.
Estadísticas de Información por Servicios
Producción de servicios prestados durante el 3trimestre de 2019
Stabilization Housing 2018
This data file contain the number of clients on stabilization housing program.
311 Call Centre Satisfaction Survey - 2014
The 311 Call Centre Satisfaction Study is a random telephone survey asking citizen’s opinions of the 311 service in order to measure current performance, track progress and identify any areas for service improvement.
Operating Revenue
092816
Soccer Fields
List of all soccer fields maintained by the City of Edmonton
GANADO PORCINO Y BOVINO DEL MUNICIPIO DE SINCELEJO AL AÑO 2017
Numero de ganado porcino y bovino del municipio de Sincelejo al año 2017.
New York State Corporate Tax Credit Utilization: Beginning Tax Year 2001
The Department of Taxation and Finance annually produces a mandated dataset of credit activity under the General Business Corporation Franchise Tax (Article 9‐A) to help analyze the effects of the claims.   The data used to generate this report come from an annual study file based on the latest available data drawn from New York State corporation tax returns.  The totals in the summary datasets may not match the detail datasets due to rounding and disclosure requirements.  The totals in the summary datasets may not match the detail data due to rounding and disclosure requirements.  Total values for numbers of taxpayers and amount of credit, in addition to mean and median credit, were computed using all taxpayers in the study file.    A series of datasets presents profiles of the credits distributed by different subgroupings. These include:  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit and component  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and basis of taxation.  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and NAICS industry description.    •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and the size of the credit used.    •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and the size of the entire net income of the taxpayer.      Secrecy provisions preclude providing all subgroupings for all credits and also generally require the omission of credit refund data.  These datasets only contains data for corporate franchise taxpayers filing under Article 9-A. It does not include statistics for taxpayers filing as banks under Article 32 (however, starting in 2015 banks and general business corporations will file under the same tax article, Article 9A), insurance companies filing under Article 33, or taxpayers filing under any of the various sections of Article 9. Nor does it provide data for taxpayers claiming credits under Article 22, the Personal Income Tax.  These taxpayers claim credit by virtue of being sole proprietors or as recipients of credit that originated with flow-through entities (i.e., S corporations, limited liability companies, or partnerships).
PRESENTACIÓN Y MUESTRA DE TRABAJO DE NIÑOS Y JÓVENES EN ACTIVIDADES CULTURALES.
Presentación y Muestra de Trabajo para estimular los niños y jóvenes haciendo publico y esfuerzo en el 2018.
Restaurantes
En el siguiente conjunto de datos abiertos se encuentra información acerca de los restaurantes que estan funcionando en Santa Isabel
Tick Data - 2012 to 2018 / Données relatives aux tiques – 2012 à 2018
Tick data collected by Mount Allison University including Lyme disease test results. *This data has been generalized for privacy and is only based on ticks sent to Mount Allison University / Données relatives aux tiques recueillies par l’Université Mount Allison, y compris résultats des tests de dépistage de la maladie de Lyme. *Ces données ont été généralisées pour des raisons de confidentialité et sont basées uniquement sur les tiques envoyés à l’Université Mount Allison.
Daily Nitrogen Dioxide Emissions 2011
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Nitrogen Dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Maryland Ozone Exceedance Days in 2003
Maryland 8-Hour Ozone Concentrations Exceeding 2008 Health-Based Standard in ppb, Finalized Data.  In 2008 EPA set the ozone standard to 75 ppb.  High levels of ozone can cause health effects including increased asthma attacks and other respiratory effects.  You can get more information about the health effects at http://www.epa.gov/air/ozonepollution/.  This data set details which monitoring locations in Maryland exceeded the standard during the year and the maximum concentrations on the dates the standard was exceeded.  More information on Maryland's air quality monitoring is available at http://www.mde.state.md.us/programs/Air/AirQualityMonitoring/Pages/index.aspx.
Cost per capita compared to Bay Area Counties
Cost per capita compared to Bay Area Counties. HSA performance measure 7010P ID 422.
Guatemala Food Consumption Data: Section 6
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the sixth spreadsheet of sixin the Guatemala Food Consumption Data.
Total Pensionable Salary for Teachers Retirement Board Members FY 2015
A listing of total salaries paid to all members of the Teachers Retirement Board, by town or district.
AFSC/RACE/FBEP/Ottmar: Thermal effects on swimming activity and habitat choice in juvenile Pacific cod (Gadus macrocephalus)
This dataset is from laboratory experiments that investigated the temperature dependence of swimming performance and behavioral characteristics of juvenile Pacific cod.
NB Births By County 1980-2018 / Naissances au N.-B. selon le comté 1980-2018
New Brunswick Live Births By County of Residence of Mother 1980-2018 / Naissances vivantes au Nouveau-Brunswick selon le comté de résidence de la mère 1980-2018
Inspección de Policía Urbanística y Ambiental radicados  del Municipio de Chia 2018
Información Inspección de Policía Urbanística y Ambiental radicados  del Municipio de Chia 2018
Seattle Office for Civil Rights Technical Assistance By Month
The Enforcement Division provides technical assistance to businesses and other organizations on the laws enforced by the Seattle Office for Civil Rights. This dataset shows the number of times technical assistance was provided by month.
Establecimientos comerciales registrados
informacion general de los establecimientos de comercio que contribuyen con los pagos de industria y comercio en el Municipio
Sedes educativas dotadas con herramientas tecnológicas durante el año 2016
Listado de sedes educativas del Municipio de Fuentedeoro, dotadas con herramientas tecnológicas, mediante el convenio entre Alcaldía Municipal y Computadores para Educar en el año 2016.
DOB ECB Violations
Violations by the Department of Buildings that are adjudicated by OATH/ECB. There may also be a DOB violation. (https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Housing-Development/DOB-Violations/3h2n-5cm9)
Portland, Oregon Test Data Set Freeway Loop Detector Data
This set of data files was acquired under USDOT FHWA cooperative agreement DTFH61-11-H-00025 as one of the four test data sets acquired by the USDOT Data Capture and Management program.The freeway data consists of two months of data (Sept 15 2011 through Nov 15 2011) from dual-loop detectors deployed in the main line and on-ramps of a Portland-area freeway.  The section of I-205 NB covered by this test data set is 10.09 miles long and the section of I-205 SB covered by this test data set is 12.01 miles long   The data includes: flow, occupancy, and speed.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of May 2019.</p>
Zip code breakdowns
Demographic statistics broken down by zip code  Update Schedule: As required
City Engagement - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the March Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=219&t=1. Open from March 9 - 17, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2351 Insight Community Members. 1137 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 48%. A total of 1205 respondents completed the survey: 1137 Insight Community Members and 68 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
SUBSIDIOS OLA INVERNAL 2016
Número de subsidios otorgados a familias afectadas por ola invernal
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of May 2019.</p>
Mission Bay Collection
During the period 1987-2009 the Southwest Region (now West Coast Region) collected beach seine fish samples in the San Diego area in conjunction with eelgrass restoration projects. Data collected included location, species, length and number.
HIV/AIDS Clinics
HIV/AIDS Clinic locations. The dataset contains locations and attributes of HIV/AIDS clinics, created as part of the DC Geographic Information System (DC GIS) for the D.C. Office of the Chief Technology Officer (OCTO) and participating D.C. government agencies. A database provided by the DC Department of Helath identified clinic locations. All DC GIS data is stored and exported in Maryland State Plane coordinates NAD 83 meters. METADATA CONTENT IS IN PROCESS OF VALIDATION AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE.
Messages
Messages to be displayed on the data.wa.gov web page. This is one of several datasets used to configure the appearance of the site.
State SIR for surgical site infections (SSI) associated with coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG) , New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Total number of "observed" or actual infections (Standardized infection ratio)    Definition: Infections that are acquired in a health care setting, as measured by a standardized infection ratio (SIR), resulting from coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG).    Data Source: New Jersey Healthcare-Associated Infections submitted through the National Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN)
Citywide Mobility Survey - Person Survey 2019
The Citywide Mobility Survey (CMS) is NYC DOT's annual travel survey to assess the travel behavior, preferences, and attitudes of NYC residents. It is composed of 5 linked data tables - this one is the 2019 CMS Person Survey.
Ordinance Violations
Note: For questions related to these violations, themselves, please contact the Department of Administrative Hearings or the issuing department, which can be found under "Government" at the top of https://www.chicago.gov. For questions related to using the dataset, please use the Contact Dataset Owner button below.    List of ordinance violations filed with the Department of Administrative Hearings. This data set reflects violations brought before the Chicago Department of Administrative Hearings.  It does not reflect violations brought before the Circuit Court of Cook County. Each row of data represents a unique violation. Multiple violations may be associated with a single case. The most recent status of the case is shown in the dataset and is updated daily. Hearing date corresponds to the date of the most recent hearing. Each case often consists of multiple hearings and may encounter continuances due to various circumstances before a final disposition is rendered. The case disposition, date of the disposition, and any applicable fines and administrative costs are listed when the case is fully completed. The latest hearing status or disposition reflects the condition of the property at that time and may not reflect the current condition of the property. When multiple respondents are cited, each respondent is separated by a pipe ("|") character. Respondents sometimes are added to cases for technical legal reasons so are not necessarily the parties believed to have committed the violations. This dataset currently lists violations issued by the Department of Buildings. Additional ordinance violations will be added over time.  Therefore, it is advisable to use the department-specific filtered view listed under the More Views button for purposes that require only one department's violations.
E-rate C2 Budget Tool Data FY2021+
The C2 Budget Tool Data FY2021+ Set is designed to assist applicants in determining their C2 budgets for each five-year cycle beginning with the first budget cycle, which starts in FY2021 and ends in FY2025.  The data set and tool should be used for informational purposes only.
Economy2005-2014
Economy 2005-2014
TASA POR USO DE AGUA AÑO 2010
Tasa por uso de Agua jurisdicción CORPOBOYACÁ año 2010
PRODUCCIÓN EN TONELADAS DE CULTIVOS DE HORTALIZAS  EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2017
PRODUCCIÓN EN TONELADAS DE CULTIVOS DE HORTALIZAS  EN EL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2017
Provider of Services File - CLIA - December 2014
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).   The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.    Two data issues in the CLIA POS file have been resolved as of the 2nd Quarter 2016 file. The data issues occurred in CLIA POS files starting with the 2nd Quarter 2011 file through 1st quarter 2016.    Data Issue 1: Incorrect Certificate Data  Certificate data in the CLIA POS file should always come from the lab's current effective certificate. Due to a sorting issue, certificate data from a lab's pending or historical certificates were used and the lab's current effective certificate data was not used.    Fields   SHORT DESCRIPTION               LEN START END TYPE  Application Type Code           1   475   475 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of CLIA certificate applied for by a laboratory.  SAS Name: APLCTN_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: APLCTN-TYPE-CD    CLIA Certificate Effective Date 8   478   485 DATE  Description: Start date of the certificate.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_EFCTV_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-EFCTV-DT    CLIA Certificate Mailed Date    8   486   493 DATE  Description: Date the certificate was generated for mailing.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_MAIL_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-MAIL-DT    CLIA Certificate Type Code      1   494   494 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of certificate issued to the laboratory, based on  the application type code.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-TYPE-CD    CLIA Termination Code           2   529   530 VARCHAR2  Description: Identifies a laboratory's active or terminated status.  If terminated, identifies the reason.  SAS Name: CLIA_TRMNTN_CD  COBOL Name: CLIA-TRMNTN-CD      Data Issue 2: Labs Never Certified Included in POS  CLIA providers that have never paid nor received a CLIA certificate should not be included in CLIA POS.
Producción Fiscalizada de Petróleo 2013
La medición de la producción fiscalizada de hidrocarburos es un proceso que consiste en medir y determinar los volúmenes de petróleo, gas natural y condensados en los puntos de fiscalización de las empresas contratistas que operan en los diferentes lotes petroleros en nuestro país, de acuerdo con procedimientos basados en los Estándares Internacionales del API, ASTM, AGA. Se incluyen los datos de producción fiscalizada mensual de petróleo durante 2013. Periodo 2013-enero al 2013-diciembre. Doce (12) ciclos.
Principales causas de morbilidad atendidas en el servicio de urgencias en el año 2017
El siguiente conjunto de datos presenta la cantidad de las principales causas de morbilidad atendida en el servicio de urgencias en la E.S.E. Hospital Regional de Chiquinquirá en el año 2017
Child Care Program State Childcare Subsidy CFCC
GSA Child Care Program State Childcare Subsidy CFCC  Licensed family child care network
2016 Catheter-Associated Urinary Tract Infections (CAUTI) Table – Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals (Updated Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report CAUTIs from adult and pediatric intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, medical/surgical, and inpatient rehabilitation wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
EPA Toxic Release Inventory 1987-2008
Toxic Release Inventory 1987-2008
Strategic Measure_Community Carbon Footprint
This is the greenhouse gas inventory for the entire Austin community reflected as the number of metric tons of carbon dioxide-equivalent emissions released in our geographic boundary as well as GHG emissions created as a result of energy used within our boundary.  The data comes from a variety of third party sources.  View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/gmng-yd8s
Revenue Budget and Receipts
The City's budget and receipts for each fiscal years since 2007.
Stop Data April 2013 To Sept. 2015
PRR 11675 stop data
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Sulphur Dioxide (SO2) Hourly Data Lake Major
Hourly ambient sulphur dioxide (SO2) data in parts per billion from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.
USA SPENDING C&P B104 PENSION FOR NON-SERVICE CONNECTED FOR VETERANS JAN2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to assist wartime veterans in need whose non-service- connected disabilities are permanent and total preventing them from following a substantially gainful occupation. A Veteran who meets the wartime service requirements is potential eligible if he/she is: • permanently and totally disabled for reasons not necessarily due to service, • age 65 or older, or • is presumed to be totally and permanently disabled for pension purposes because: o he/she is a patient in a nursing home for long-term care due to a disability, or o being disabled, as determined by the Commissioner of Social Security (SS) for purposes of any benefits administered by the Commissioner, such as SS disability benefits or Supplemental Security Income. Income restrictions are prescribed in 38 U.S.C. 1521. Pension is not payable to those whose estates are so large that it is reasonable they use the estate for maintenance. A Veteran meets wartime service requirements if he/she served: • a total of 90 days or more during one or more periods of war; • 90 or more consecutive days that began or ended during a period of war; or • for any length of time during a period of war if he/she was discharged or released for a service-connected disability. Veterans entering service after September 7, 1980, must also meet the minimum active duty requirement of 24 months of continuous service or the full period to which the Veteran was called to active duty. (38 U.S.C.5303(A)).</p>
City of Santa Monica Employee Trips with Alternate Transportation
Daily count of trips by transportation mode
EAS Test Firm Accrediting Bodies (TFAB)
EAS (Equipment Authorization System). The accreditation bodies for testing laboratories are referred to as Test Firm Accrediting Bodies (TFABs). They are responsible for determining Conformity Assessment Bodies (CAB) competence. The TFABs for CABs located outside the U.S. can be found by contacting the designating authority in the CABs economy.  For more information about EAS, visit: https://www.fcc.gov/general/equipment-authorization-procedures
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2019 - High Weeds
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2018 to September 30, 2019.
Esquema de Publicación de Información Unipamplona
ESQUEMA DE PUBLICACIÓN DE INFORMACIÓN
Maternal Perinatal Data Collection Mother and Baby Numbers
Maternal Perinatal Data Collection Mother and Baby Numbers for births in the ACT  The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
Activity By County And Waterbody
Triennial Survey Results for 2010
NOAA - Annual number of aquaculture research products transitioned to a new stage
Proposed new indicator for FY 2020.  This measure is under development.
GRADUADOS POR PROGRAMA 2018-2
Programa del cual se graduaron en el periodo 2018-2
COVID-19 case counts by date
The dataset provides number of new and cumulative COVID-19 cases over time among Santa Clara County residents. A case is someone who tests positive for COVID-19 using viral testing performed in a lab. Source: California Reportable Disease Information Exchange. Data Notes: Cases are reported by the date that the specimens were collected for testing. Values for the most recent 5 days are likely to increase as additional results are received.
Meter Operating Schedules
Operating schedules and time limits for all meters owned by SFMTA and the Port of SF as of March 10, 2014. Tow periods and Alternate schedules trump all base Operating Schedules. Please direct any data inquiries to info@sfpark.org
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Anthropometry for Women
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
Dallas Cultural Centers
The City of Dallas Office of Cultural Affairs is the custodian of 23 city-owned cultural facilities, where a wide variety of arts and cultural programs are offered for citizens and visitors. These facilities consist of many of our community's most important cultural venues, and when combined, represent more than 1.5 million square feet of space dedicated to arts and cultural functions in our community.
City Council Legislative Items
This list contains information on the legislative items introduced and enacted by the Council
Commercial Permit_Valuations&Mapping
This dataset is used to spatially map commercial permits and valuations.
St Petersburg Permits
Permit data collected from the Engineering & Capital Improvements department's GIS database
Usuarios Atendidos Por Bimestre discriminados por sexo y edad
Contiene la cantidad de usuarios atendidos en el Hospital General Medellín discriminados por grupos de edades y sexo
SEDES ISABU
Descripción de los horarios,teléfonos,dirección de lugar de atención
Bird Survey Results for Areas in the City of Melbourne, February and March 2018
This dataset contains survey data for bird species across various river and wetland locations in the City of Melbourne. Bird transect surveys were conducted by Ecology Australia at the following locations: Dynon Road, West Melbourne, Wildlife Sanctuary (1), Dynon Road, West Melbourne, Tidal Drain (2), Moonee Ponds Creek lower catchment near Racecourse Road, Kensington and Dynon Road, West Melbourne (3), Maribyrnong River near Newells Paddock and Dynon Road, West Melbourne (4), Royal Park Oak Street Wetland (5), and Stony Creek Backwash, Footscray (6). Surveys were undertaken during daylight hours and were repeated on various dates throughout February and March 2018. Bird surveys were conducted by completing transects along the waterbodies and identifying bird species and numbers. These surveys were undertaken to primarily track bird species richness at Site (1) with Site (3) existing as a reference site with comparable habitat characteristics.  This bird survey dataset includes the bird’s common name, scientific name, the corresponding Victorian Biodiversity Atlas Code, the date the survey was conducted, and the location of the survey (including the latitude and longitude). The Victorian Biodiversity Atlas (VBA) is managed by the Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning (DELWP) and provides a list of species observations in Victoria. Each species has an identification ‘code’ number.  Please get in contact with the Urban Forest and Ecology Team (nature@melbourne.vic.gov.au) if you wish to view the full report by Ecology Australia or if you have any questions about the dataset.
Workforce Demographic Characteristics by Commuting Mode Split : 2012 - 2016
This data set provides demographic and journey to work characteristics of the Cambridge Workforce by primary mode of their journey to work. Attributes include age, presence of children, racial and ethnic minority status, vehicles available, time arriving at work, time spent traveling, and annual household income. The data set originates from a special tabulation of the American Community Survey - the 2012 - 2016 version of the Census Transportation Planning Products (CTPP). The Cambridge Workforce consist of all persons who work in Cambridge, regardless of home location.  For more information on Journey to Work data in Cambridge, please see the full 2015 report: https://www.cambridgema.gov/~/media/Files/CDD/FactsandMaps/profiles/moving_forward_20150930.ashx?la=en).
Phase 2 SBIR Awards in Hawaii - 2000~2013
Phase 2 SBIR Awards in Hawaii from 2000 to 2013
Technology Matching Funds
All awarded Technology Matching Fund projects from 1998 through the most recent funding year
Bronx Parks And Recreation
all facilities and locations administered by the NYC Department of Parks and Recreation. This includes parks, baseball and other playing fields, gardens, beaches, and others. Please refer to SelFac_datainfo.pdf for facility type definition. Refer to types: 1511, 1512, 1513, 1514, 1515
Egrants Since June 16, 2017
The file reflects all of the eGrants activity since June 14, 2017.
FY2015 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Forest Products Processing
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/FY2015-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report/7yau-8nzf
Residential Bldg Ret/Rev Days Out
This data set shows the number of days out residential building review is for resubmits and revisions as well as how many projects are waiting for review.
Street Names
A list of officially valid street names contained in the City's GIS Basemap
All License Plate Reader Data (ALPR) September 23, 2012 - October 20, 2012
All License Plate Reader Data (ALPR) September 23, 2012 - October 20, 2012
HE - Carbon Footprint of City Buildings, Utilities and Fleet (Metric Tons of Carbon Dioxide Equivalents)
Carbon footprint of buildings, utilities, and fleet
Inscritos
Inscritos pertenecientes a la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor de Antioquia
Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos Municipio del L
Base de datos de Información de la Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos a Diciembre 31 de 2014
NNDSS - TABLE 1K. Ehrlichiosis and Anaplasmosis, Anaplasma phagocytophilum infection to Ehrlichia chaffeensis infection
NNDSS - Table 1K. Ehrlichiosis and Anaplasmosis, Anaplasma phagocytophilum infection to Ehrlichia chaffeensis infection - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html     Footnotes:   U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
CASOS DE VIOLENCIA INTRAFAMILIAR EN SINCELEJO PRIMER SEMESTRE 2019
Casos de violencia intrafamiliar reportados en el primer semestre del año 2019 en el municipio de Sincelejo.
Administrator And Teacher Salary And Benefits District 2012
Administrator and teacher salary and benefits for Utah school districts in 2012.
Breast Cancer in Utah 2013_2017
This data set contains breast cancer rates by Small Health Area in Utah from 2013 - 2017 from the IBIS Public Health System.
PLN_SNT_CTGRY_LKP [prod]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_SNT_CTGRY_LKP [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Member Landownership Dataset
This dataset contains information about landownership in the household by household member. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
CPA Search
1.	Board Orders prior to December 31, 2019 may not be accessible.  If you need assistance, please contact us at (360) 753-2586 or customerservice@acb.wa.gov. 2.	As of January 1, 2020, all newly posted Board Orders will be web accessible.   Disclaimer: In the interest of transparency, the Board has made a copy of the selected portions of the database available through this website. Although this information is updated nightly, the information found through this service is not guaranteed to be accurate or timely.  The Board does not guarantee the use of this information for any purpose and as such, the information obtained from this database should not be considered an official endorsement of any individual or firm.  To inquire about any disciplinary actions taken against an individual or firm, please contact enforcement at (360) 664-9266. For all other inquiries, please contact customer service at (360) 753-2586.
BASE DE DATOS INDUSTRIA Y COMERCIO REGIMEN COMUN
Establecimiento de Comercio de regimen común inscritos en la base de datos de Industria y Comercio de la Alcaldía Municipal de La Calera
EAS Telecommunications Certification Bodies (TCB)
EAS (Equipment Authorization System). A Telecommunication Certification Body (TCB) is an accredited product certification body with the authority to issue Grants of Certification for compliance with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Rules & Regulations.  For more information about EAS, visit: https://www.fcc.gov/general/equipment-authorization-procedures
7900B_Department of Housing
Performance measures dataset
ARCHIVED - DCL 3.2 Closed Non-Abuse/Neglect Investigations With Deficiency by County FY08-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
FOIPOP Annual Report Data - Applications Received by Department 2016-2017
The number of applications received by each department under the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (FOIPOP Act) for the fiscal year 2016-2017.
2009-2010 VADIR INCIDENTS
Violent and Disruptive Incidents Report
Feed the Future Malawi Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence, Food Consumption-Past 7 Days
This dataset contains data from sub-Module E1: Food Consumption over the Past 7 Days.  It is part of the 2015 Feed the Future Malawi Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence. The survey was designed to monitor program performance by periodic assessments of a number of standardized indicators.  A total of 1,021 households were interviewed, which provided data for the target sample size of 1,007 households and ensured the sample is representative of the seven districts covered in the interim assessment.  Each household with food consumption data has multiple records (for the 113 food items in sub-Module E1). (115,373 records ÷ 113 food items = 1,021 Module E households with sub-Module E1 data.) The unique identifiers in this long file are pbs_id + e101.
Existing and Proposed Bikeways
Bikeways are corridors designated for bicycle travel. This layer includes Oakland’s Proposed Bikeway Network, streets proposed for bicycle improvements in Oakland's Bicycle Plan (last updated July 2019) as well as existing bikeways.  Bikeways are defined by "class," each with specific characteristics (see Definition). The fields “Proposed Class” and “ExistingClass” show the proposed and current state of the network, based on these class definitions. For some existing bikeways, the proposed bikeway class is not the same as the existing class.   Designations reflect existing and proposed bikeways as of June 30, 2020 This dataset was last updated July 28, 2020. Data is typically updated in January and July.  Class type (0, 1, 2, 2.0, 2.3A, 2B, 2B.0, 2B.3A, 2B.2, 3, 3.0, 3A, 3A.0, 3B, or 4, 4.2, 4.2B, 4.3A and 4.4.2B) appears in the ProposedClass (ProposedCl) and ExistingClass (ExistingCl) fields.   If the Class doesn't include a decimal point, the bikeway is existing (or proposed) on both sides of a two-way street or on one side of a one-way street. A decimal point indicates that there is a different class on each side of a two-way street.   Class 1 = bike paths, paved rights-of-way that are completely separated from the street, and typically shared with pedestrians. Class 2 & variants = bike lanes, lanes striped on streets and designated specifically for bicyclists.  •	Class 2 = bike lanes •	Class 2.0 = bike lanes one side of the street, no facility one side of street •	Class 2.3A = bike lanes one side of thre street, sharrows one side of street •	Class 2B = buffered bike lanes •	Class 2B.0 = buffered bike lanes one side of street, no facility one side of street •	Class 2B.3A = buffered bike lanes one side of the street, sharrows one side of street •	Class 2B.2 = buffered bike lanes one side of street, bike lanes one side of street Class 3 = bike routes, streets on which bicyclists share travel lanes with drivers and are designated by wayfinding signage only. Routes with sharrows are designated as Class 3A. (One-way facilities on two-way streets are designated as 3.0 or 3A.0, respectively.) •	Class 3B = bike boulevards, bikeways on residential streets that prioritize through trips for bicyclists. Oakland’s Class 3B facilities are designated with pavement markings, traffic calming measures, and wayfinding signage. Class 4 = parking protected bikeways, striped on streets, separated from moving traffic by striped buffers and/or vertical elements (delineators, planters, curb). Variant include 4.2B for separated bike lanes on one side and buffered bike lanes on one side (etc.). Class 0 = no bikeway is proposed or existing, as applicable. (There are three sign-only segments that are currently existing, but not proposed.)  The other fields in this dataset are listed below. However, they are no longer maintained and will be replaced within the coming months. For information on project status, see the online map at http://arcg.is/1PfvC1. Or contact bikeped@oaklandca.gov.  Striping Status (Installed, Designed, InDesign) Signage Status (Installed, Designed, InDesign) Priority Project  StripeInSt = month that a bikeway was first striped on this segment StripeIn_1 = year that a bikeway was first striped on this segment  Signinstal = month that bike wayfinding signs were first installed  SignInSt_1 = year that bike wayfinding signs were first installed  SignType = MUTCD designation of installed signs
Percent of the City's payments for total professional service contracts awarded to minority-owned businesses
% of MBE annually awarded a professional service contract
Strategic Measure_Number and Percentage of Residential Units Issued in Image Austin Activity Centers and Corridors
The Imagine Austin Comprehensive Plan was adopted in 2012. It functions as a guide for prioritizing Austin‘s growth over the next 30 years. The Plan encourages development and infrastructure investment in activity centers and corridors in support of the creation of complete and compact communities. This measure helps the City understand where residential development activity is happening in the context of the priorities established by the Plan.    View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/f35r-94j2
ORPIN - Contracts Report: FY 2019 - 2012  Composite
This composite dataset is sorted by agency, and contains all versions of contracts and amendments issued in ORPIN from July 1, 2012 to June 30, 2019. The contract start date may be different than the contract issued date, or date the data entry was completed, and the contract was entered into ORPIN system. For more information: https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx
Registro de activos de información 2019
Dentro de la tabla se encuentra la descripcion de los Registro de Activos de Información de la empresa.
Human Resources - Target Marketing Benefits Offering
Up to 12 features of the City’s core medical plan offering compared to equivalent plan offerings in 8 to 10 other cities, counties or the State of Arizona on an annual basis.
Monthly Recipients Assistance Units FY01
AVERAGE MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN						  STATE FISCAL YEAR 2001    *  Counts are estimated due to AU/recipient address correction.							  Figures may not add due to rounding.
Purchasing Card Expenditures
uploaded 2013.01.23
Retail Vacancy Rate
Retail Vacancy Rates compared across Evanston, Chicago Loop, and Far North Suburban Cook County
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS187
Driver Feedback Sign DFS187    Latitude: 53.60563  Longitude: -113.4791    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 465 - Supplemental Independent Expenditure Report - Part 3 - Independent Expenditures Made
This dataset includes all itemized independent expenditures ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 465 Part 3 Independent Expenditures Made from 2011 to the present.    The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.    See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
BB FY15 REC Each Program Rec Changes NDA
BB FY15 Recommended Each Program Rec Changes NDA Only
City Parks
This dataset contains the Geographic Information Systems (GIS) data for the City of Little Rock Park boundaries.
Northeast Expenditure I7 Data 1998
Data collected by phone as a followup with anglers who were intercepted in the field.    A series of expenditure surveys have been done both regionally and nationally. This data pertains to the Northeast U.S. states that was collected in 1998. Expenditures on trips by mode (for-hire, private boat, and shore) were collected for both residents and non-residents of each state, and annual expenditures on durable goods were collected by resident status. Expenditures were collected both as an add-on to the intercept, and a followup phone survey with those who completed the intercept and a separate random sample of households.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS110
Driver Feedback Sign DFS110    Latitude: 53.49651  Longitude: -113.67788    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Fort Collins OpenBook Vendors
Full vendor list from OpenBook, with the overall summation of payments for each vendor over the time period. The time period is the "All Years" range in OpenBook, which is a rolling 24 months.
ASOCIACIONES PRODUCTIVAS EN EL MUNICIPIO DEL CARMEN
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS CONTIENE LA INFORMACIÓN DE ASOCIACIONES PRODUCTIVAS VIGENTES EN EL MUNICIPIO DEL CARMEN, NORTE DE SANTANDER
NYC Parks Events Listing – Event Images
The NYC Parks Events Listing database is used to store event information displayed on the Parks website, nyc.gov/parks. There are seven related tables that make up the this database:     1. Events_Events table (This is the primary table that contains basic data about every event. Each record is an event.)  2. Events_Categories (Each record is a category describing an event. One event can be in more than one category.)  3. Events_Images (Each record is an image related to an event. One event can have more than one image.)  4. Events_Links (Each record is a link with more information about an event. One event can have more than one link.)  5. Events_Locations  (Each record is a location where an event takes place. One event can have more than one location.)  6. Events_Organizers  (Each record contains a group or person organizing an event. One event can have more than one organizer.)  7. Events_YouTube  (Each record is a link to a YouTube video about an event. One event can have more than one YouTube video.)    The Events_Events table is the primary table. All other tables can be related by joining on the event_id. This data contains records from  2013 and on. For a complete list of related datasets, please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=NYC+Parks+Events&sortBy=alpha">This Link</a>
3570B_Local Agency Formation Commission
Performance measures dataset
City Financial Data
The City of Janesville's financial data dating back to 2006.
OS-Dollars (Percentage) awarded using high-risk contracting authorities
This element/indicator measures the Department’s progress in managing risk through reducing the use of high-risk contracting authorities. High-risk contracting authorities, such as noncompetitive contracting, cost-reimbursement contracts, and time-and materials and labor-hour contracts, pose special risks of overspending. The Department’s high-risk contracting percentage for the base year (FY2009) was 53.4%, and OMB directed that we maintain a 10% reduction from the FY 2009 based on the share of dollars obligated under new contract actions that use high-risk contracting authorities for future FYs. The Department's target is 46.9%, which is a 10% reduction from the FY 2009 base. The target is depicted as a percentage. A percentage equal to or lower than 46.9% is favorable. Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS) is the data source that is used for information pertaining to high-risk contracting activities and is the single source for U.S. government-wide procurement data.
LEHD LODES 7 Workplace Area Characteristic DC 2013
LEHD Origin-Destination Employment Statistics (LODES) used by OnTheMap are available for download below. Version 7 of LODES was enumerated by 2010 census blocks. Previous versions of LODES were enumerated with 2000 census blocks.  Data files are state-based and organized into three types: Origin-Destination (OD), Residence Area Characteristics (RAC), and Workplace Area Characteristics (WAC), all at census block geographic detail. Data is available for most states for the years 2002–2013.  To browse the LODES data files in their directory structure or to access them with a FTP program (must be able to access HTTP), go to http://lehd.ces.census.gov/data/lodes/.    Check out the data dictionary at http://celebratingcities.github.io/docs.html
PLANTAS DE PRODUCTOS DE LA PESCA AUTORIZADAS PARA EXPORTAR A LA UNIÓN EUROPEA
CONTIENE LOS DATOS DE LAS PLANTAS DE PRODUCTOS DE LA PESCA AUTORIZADAS PARA EXPORTAR A LA UNIÓN EUROPEA.
Registro de activos de información E.S.E SILVANIA
Registro de activos de información E.S.E Hospital ismael silva
City of Tacoma Employees Current Profile
City of Tacoma Employees Current Profile
Disconnected Youth
Youth are considered disconnected if they are out of work and out of school. This Indicator measures the percent of the population aged 16-24 who are neither working nor in school.
CUADRANTES ESTACIÓN DE POLICÍA ACACIAS
Información de números de contacto por barrios  y/o veredas de la policía del Municipio de Acacias, dando a conocer el cuadrante por cada sector.
TABLA DE CONTROL PROCESOS SANCIONATORIOS 2015
TABLA DE CONTROL PROCESOS SANCIONATORIOS 2015
Accidentes de transporte, tasas de lesiones por 100.000 habitantes, según edad y sexo, Colombia, 2011
Contiene la estadística de los Accidentes de transporte, tasas de lesiones por 100.000 habitantes, según edad y sexo, Colombia, 2011.
Popular resources for learning R
A library of learning resources for people learning the R analysis and statistics language. Contributed by members of the Statewide R Users Group
Estimated Municipal Liquid Fuels (MLF) Allocations Report 2018 Community and Economic Development
2018 estimated municipal liquid fuels allocations report. As of September 18, 2017.  A note of caution:   A municipality can update information at any time after submission of a form.  The Municipal Statistics site is built to reflect any data updates, the following day, in the Public Reports section of the Municipal Statistics site. http://munstats.pa.gov/public/
Beaver County Seasonally Adjusted Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Beaver County Seasonally Adjusted Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Floodplains for the Future Dataset
Dataset relies on periodic reporting from the Floodplains for the Future partnership.
Brooklyn Bridge Automated Pedestrian Counts Demonstration Project
DOT is testing automated technology to count pedestrians. The counter is located on the Manhattan approach of the Brooklyn Bridge.
Geolocalización Consultas Especializadas 2019
Consultas Médicas Especializadas Caldas  - Hospital Departamental Universitario Santa Sofía de Caldas
Estadistica 2014 - Acuicultura por Especies
Estadistica 2014 - Acuicultura por Especies
Medidas Correctivas Policía urbana Municipio los Patios.
Estadísticas de Medidas Correctivas, meses noviembre, diciembre y enero del 2019 Municipio los Patios  Aplicación de la Ley 1801 de 2016.
AFSC/ABL: NPRB project 1106 Improved aging estimates for spiny dogfish
The spiny dogfish (Squalus suckleyi, formerly Squalus acanthias, Ebert et al. 2010) is a small, long-lived and slow-growing shark, which is vulnerable to overfishing. Current methods for aging spiny dogfish are based on reading annuli from dorsal fin spines, which erode and may break. For the past 30 years, scientists have used an exponential relationship between the diameter of the spine and the number of annuli to estimate the number of missing annuli. Coupled with between-reader imprecision (CV = 19%), errors in estimation of worn annuli introduce uncertainty and bias into the aging process, resulting in large confidence intervals and imprecise growth, mortality, and recruitment estimates necessary for stock assessments. Using spines and vertebrae collected from spiny dogfish in the Gulf of Alaska, we aged the spines using conventional methods and vertebrae using the vertebral method. Data presented here includes the sample collection information, raw spine and vertebrae age read data and final annuli counts calculated from the multiple reads. This project was funded by NPRB and was a collaborative work between: AFSC age and growth lab, WA Dept Fish and Wildlife, NWFSC age and growth lab, Dr. Walter Bubley and UAF, and Bechtol Research
FY17-18 IT Spend By Functional Group
Summary level information of statewide IT expenditures by government functional group. Data broken down by IT acquisitions, IT maintenance and operations, and data processing services between agencies.
Salud - Tasa de Incidencia de la Violencia Intrafamiliar en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2010 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar la Tasa de Incidencia de  la Violencia Intrafamiliar en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2010 a 2018,  por Municipio, para las vigencias relacionadas. Numerador: Número de casos nuevos de violencia intrafamiliar –  Fuente: FORENSIS Instituto Nacional de Medicina Legal y Ciencias Forenses. Denominador: Población Total -  Fuente: Proyecciones de poblaciones DANE. Forma de Cálculo: Numerador/denominador*100.000
Inhouse Use of Materials
The number of items marked “used” in a branch during public hours of operation (i.e., left on tables and scanned in the library’s system as having been consulted by a customer). Dataset updated annually.
Adult Probation Public Dataset Q1 2018
Date of dataset: 3/31/2018 Source: PRISM (Probation Record Information System Management) PO-216 Report Notes: To ensure confidentiality and to protect the identities of individuals on probation, the ages of some individuals in the dataset have been withheld, and marked “N/A”. This is done to avoid possible re-identification through the available demographic information, or stigmatization of a group when they make a substantial percent of a designated population. Number of records with ages withheld: 180  The Alameda County Probation Department (ACPD) collects information on its clients and records this in the Adult Probation System. ACPD staff run reports from this system that extract data for specified time periods. This dataset is derived from PRISM PO-216 report – Adults on Probation Data Extract 2. This report contains individual-level information for all adults on the ACPD caseload on date specified. To create this dataset, the report was de-identified and edited to include the most pertinent information.  Data Characteristics and Known Limitations • To ensure confidentiality and to protect the identities of individuals on probation, the ages of some individuals in the dataset have been withheld, and marked “N/A”. This is done to avoid possible re-identification through the available demographic information, or stigmatization of a group when they make a substantial percent of a designated population. Please see the “Notes” tab in the public dataset file, which states the number of records with withheld ages in that dataset. • Individuals may be on more than one type of supervision at a time. In these cases, the following hierarchy is used to determine their case type for the purposes of this report:    o Mandatory Supervision    o Post Release Community Supervision    o Other Status    o Formal Probation • The APS system has no built-in verification for address, city, or zip code. Therefore, address entries may be subject to human error or may be left blank. Current upgrades to the department’s case management system will not allow incorrectly entered or blank address entries. Initial dataset releases will not contain residential city or zip code information.  Definition of Terms • Age Group – age range the client was in on the date of report. • Case Type – type of supervision case the individual is on at the time of the report    o Formal Probation – A term of community supervision ordered by the court as all or part of an individual’s sentence for a felony or misdemeanor conviction. An individual on formal probation is supervised by a probation officer and ordinarily must meet with the officer anywhere from once a week to once a month. A formal probation term in Alameda County is typically three to five years.    o PRCS (Post Release Community Supervision) – A term of community supervision served by individuals released from the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation after serving a prison commitment for non-serious, non-violent, or non-high-risk sex offenses (regardless of prior convictions). An individual on PRCS is supervised by a probation officer and serves a term of 12 to 36 months. Prior to the Public Safety Realignment Act of 2011 (AB109), the PRCS population was supervised by state parole.    o Mandatory Supervision – A term of community supervision defined by Penal Code Section 1170(h). Individuals on Mandatory Supervision have been convicted of felony crimes that are not eligible for incarceration in prison and instead are sentenced by the Court to serve their sentence in county jail or to “split” the sentence between jail custody and a separate period of Mandatory Supervision. An individual on Mandatory Supervision is supervised by a probation officer and serves a term determined by the Court.    o Other Status – An individual on the Alameda County Probation Department caseload who is in the process of being transferred to or from another county per Penal Code Section 1203.9 or who is being
Mesanow App Sessions
Web analytics for MesaNow mobile application available for download via the Google Play Store or the Apple App Store. Application used to interact with City of Mesa, Arizona information and services including utility payments, news, calendars, video, and more services coming soon.
Street Address Listing
Complete listing of all street addresses in East Baton Rouge Parish.
current real property tax roster with balances-mortgage file
file for mortgage companies with tax account balances, updated every Monday
Public artworks, fountains and monuments
The City of Melbourne maintains a register of all public artwork, fountains and monuments located within the City. This dataset contains various information regarding the type, category and geographical location of the artwork.
BEA - Complete all major strategic milestones related to improving economic accounts
BEA must continually update its economic accounts to keep pace with the ever-changing U.S. and global economies. The BEA Strategic Plan tracks BEA’s progress toward achieving the milestones related to this measure. In FY 2018, BEA completed all of its major milestones related to improving GDP and its economic accounts, and the Bureau expects to meet this target in future years.
Abandoned Coal Mines Utah
Abandoned Coal Mines Utah
Gender Self-Assessment Questionnaire Scoring Data 2014
Fourteen civil society organizations (CSOs) that received sub-awards under the Moldova Partnerships for Sustainable Civil Society (MPSCS) completed the Gender Self-Assessment Questionnaire. The goal of the questionnaire is to help CSOs to develop individual Gender Action Plans that will identify organizational strengths and areas for improvement. For each organizational dimension, CSOs can evaluate themselves along a scale from “1” (low) to “5” (high).    Moldova Partnerships for Sustainable Civil Society (MPSCS) is a five­-year project (2013-­2018) funded by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and implemented by FHI 360. The project strengthens the capacity of Moldovan civil society to represent citizen’s interests, influence policymaking, and sustain the sector’s democratic role for the future. Through MPSCS, FHI 360 provides a variety of services to government institutions, citizens, and CSOs, including funding, technical assistance, institutional development, networking opportunities, and capacity building in the skills necessary to improve the enabling legal and fiscal framework.
Active Businesses - County data
Listing of All Active Business.  The data displayed is based on the  Principal Place of Business  residing in Oregon only.   The county was determined by a City-Zip combination.
Continuing Care Accommodation Standards Compliance Reporting
This dataset comes from Open Data - Government of Alberta as found here:    https://open.alberta.ca/dataset/2003f13d-33ad-4d3f-865d-0d9488ace84d/resource/ec56d037-7fd5-4b4f-8c59-a880aa4cb653    Any use, in whole or in part, must comply with the Terms of Use from the Government of Alberta's Open Data site as found here:    https://www.alberta.ca/disclaimer.aspx    Alberta Health monitors all supportive living and long-term care accommodations for compliance to the Accommodation Standards, minimally on an annual basis. The purpose of the Accommodation Standards is to ensure accommodations maintain a high quality of accommodation services (e.g. meals, building maintenance, security and housekeeping) that promote the safety, security and quality of life of Albertans living in those accommodations. Alberta Health currently reports publicly on the results of licensing and monitoring visits in supportive living and long-term care facilities across the province at http://standardsandlicensing.alberta.ca. This table provides statistics on supportive living and long-term care facilities and their compliance to the Accommodation Standards since April 1, 2013 as well as licensing and contact information.    USAGE CONSIDERATIONS  The accommodation data is collected from licensed operators through the licensing application process. The compliance data is collected by Licensing Inspectors when they visit accommodations to monitor compliance to the accommodation standards. The data collected is housed in a custom designed database named Accommodation Standards Licensing and Tracking (ASTRAL) System. The accommodation and compliance information from ASTRAL is published to http://standardsandlicensing.alberta.ca in "real time". The compliance information dates back to April 1, 2013 until the date of the dataset. The data contained within this dataset may not match the data at http://standardsandlicenisng.alberta.ca because of the update frequency as the information on http://standardsandlicensing.alberta.ca is updated in "real time".    Form more information on Continuing Care Accommodation Standards, please refer to: http://www.health.alberta.ca/services/continuing-care-standards.html
Tasa de mortalidad en menores de 5 años
Tasa de mortalidad en menores de 5 años
Plan anual de adquisiciones Alcaldia de Puerres 2017
Plan anual de adquisiciones Alcaldia de Puerres 2017
Budget - 2018 Budget Ordinance - Appropriations
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1.    This dataset details the budgeted expenditures in the Ordinance and identifies them by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds.    For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
[ARCHIVED] Census Marital Status
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports marital status. This data is sourced from the Census of Population.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
MUNICIPIOS DE NORTE DE SANTANDER BENEFICIADOS CON PROGRAMA DE FORMACIÓN DE CAPITAL HUMANO DE ALTO NIVEL EN INICIACIÓN A LA INVESTIGACIÓN PARA JÓVENES INVESTIGADORES POR SECTORES PRIORIZADOS
Jóvenes nacidos en Norte de Santander beneficiados con beca pasantía por un año para formarse como jóvenes investigadores  a través de universidades del país  con grupos de investigación acreditados por Colciencias.
ED Tourism TPA Monthly Revenue Data
Tourism Promotion Area Revenue Data for Pierce County
Estudiantes por facultad por modalidad
Estudiantes inscritos, admitidos, matriculados primera vez y matriculados totales por facultad y por modalidad de pregrado o postgrado
Utah Individual Insurance Rates By County And Coverage Level 2015
This data set contains individual insurance rates by county and level of coverage from the Dept of Insurance.
Poverty data by Age, City and County Utah 2013
This data set contains poverty data by age for cities in Utah from 2013.  This data was collected by the US Dept of Census.
Race and Ethnicity Data
Dataset showing responses to questions on race and ethnicity. The data on race were derived from answers to the question on race that was asked of all people during the decennial (every ten years) Census. The U.S. Census Bureau collects race data in accordance with guidelines provided by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB), and these data are based on self-identification. The racial categories included in the census questionnaire generally reflect a social definition of race recognized in this country, and not an attempt to define race biologically, anthropologically, or genetically. In addition, it is recognized that the categories of the race item include racial and national origin or socio-cultural groups. Definitions from OMB guide the Census Bureau in classifying written responses to the race question: White Black or African American American Indian or Alaska Native Asian Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Some Other Race Two or More Races  There are two minimum categories for ethnicity: Hispanic or Latino and Not Hispanic or Latino. The federal government considers race and Hispanic origin to be two separate and distinct concepts. Hispanics and Latinos may be of any race
2016 Census - Population by Single Year of Age and Gender (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
2012 HQTA Population
High Quality Transit Areas (HQTAs) are defined as being within 1/2-mile of fixed guideway transit and/ or bus rapid transit stations with service every 15 minutes or less during peak commute times. SCAG published two shapefiles of (HQTAs): one for actual HQTAs in 2012, and one for planned HQTAs in 2040.   Population living in high quality transit areas was calculated by race and ethnicity of all people living within HQTAs in both 2012 and 2040 based on 2017 population values.
2018 Kansas City Energy and Water Consumption Benchmarking for Community-Wide Buildings v1.0
The first version of the 2018 Energy and Water consumption sent to the City by owners of buildings 50,000 SQFT or greater using the Energy Star Portfolio Manager tool. Data is required by the Energy Empowerment Ordinance in Kansas City, Missouri. The data were collected in 2019 and might be appended as new submissions come in.
County SB 272 Enterprise System Catalog
Provides a list of LA County Enterprise Systems in support of SB272.
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2 2007
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2 2007
NYC Independent Budget Office (IBO) Debt Service Since FY 2000
Annual spending on debt service from FY 2000 - 2014.    SOURCES: IBO; Mayor's Office of Management and Budget (OMB); New York City Comprehensive Annual Financial Report of the Comptroller (various years); Annual Report of the Comptroller on Capital Debt and Obligations (various years); New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority Comprehensive Annual Financial Reports (various years)    NOTES:  1Debt service is the cost to New York City of repaying its outstanding debt, including both principal and interest. The figures in the table have been adjusted to reflect debt service that was originally scheduled for payment in each year since 2000.  2By law, New York City is required to have a balanced annual budget. In years when it runs a surplus, the primary means the city uses to comply with this requirement is to use up some or all of the surplus by prepaying some of the subsequent years’ debt service expenses. As a result, the cash outlay for debt service in a given year is not an accurate representation of the true cost of debt service in that year.   3The defeasance of $536 million of GO Bonds in 2007 for reduced debt service in 2008, 2009, and 2010.  Debt service in the table is presented as if the defeasance had not occurred.                                                                                                                                                                     4The defeasance of $1.986 billion of GO bonds in 2008 reduced debt service in 2010.  Debt service in the table is presented as if the defeasance had not occurred.                                                                                                                                        5The defeasance of $718 million of TFA bonds in 2007 reduced debt service in 2008, 2009, and 2010.  Debt service in the table is presented as if the defeasance had not occurred.                                                                                                                                           6The defeasance of $196 million of TFA bonds in 2013 reduced debt service in 2014, 2015, and 2016. Debt service in the table is presented as if the defeasance had not occurred.                   7The defeasance of $65 million of Jay Street Development Corporation (JSDC) bonds in 2007 reduced debt service in 2009 and 2010.  Debt service in the table is presented as if the defeasance had not occurred.                                                                                                                                    8TFA BARBs and TSASC are not included in OMB's or the Comptroller's definitions of New York City outstanding debt.  For an explanation of these items, and their inclusion in NYC IBO's definition of New York City outstanding debt, please see New Outstanding Debt.   9In 2006, TSASC restructured its outstanding indebtedness. This included a one time expense of $161 million for redeeming all bonds issued under a secured loan agreement with the United States Department of Transportation, via the department's Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (TIFIA) program. Additionally, all prior year TSASC bond series were defeased, leaving only Series 2006-1 bonds outstanding.  10MWFA has defeased $14.8 billion of bonds as of June 30, 2012. IBO has not made adjustments to debt service presented in the table to reflect these actions.
Risk Management - Employee Health Costs, by Department - Fiscal Year 2011 Incomplete
Data last updated September 7, 2011
SERVICIO PUBLICO DE TRANSPORTE INDIVIDUAL METROPOLITANO - VEHÍCULOS POR MARCA
Capacidad transportadora servicio público de transporte individual metropolitana vehículos por marca - Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a ABRIL de 2017
Reportes Financieros con corte a 30 de ABRILde 2017 de las entidades del sector solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
NADAC Comparison
The NADAC Weekly Comparison identifies the drug products with current NADAC rates that are replaced with new NADAC rates.  Other changes (e.g. NDC additions and terminations) to the NADAC file are not reflected in this comparison.    Note: Effective Date was not recorded in the dataset until 6/7/2017
Rethinking Productive Development: Sound Policies and Institutions for Economic Transformation - DIA 2014
This dataset was created to support 2014 DIA -  Rethinking Productive Development: Sound Policies and Institutions for Economic Transformation.<br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/6gku-ip59 </b></br></br>
ASOCIACIONES DE GINEBRA VALLE
Asociaciones productivas del municipio de Ginebra Valle.
Current Fleet Surplus/Auction List
Most recent list of fleet equipment sent to auction
Police Response to Resistance - 2013
Police Response to Resistance - 2013
CDPH Environmental Hold on City-Issued Permits and LUST NFR
This dataset contains environmental holds placed by the Department of Environment (DOE) up to December 31, 2011 and by the Department of Public Health (CDPH) post December 31, 2011 on construction-related permits issued by the City of Chicago. On January 1, 2012, the DOE was disbanded and all its inspection, permitting, and enforcement authorities were transferred to the CDPH.  This dataset also contains No Further Remediation Letters (NFRs) received by the DOE or the CDPH for properties that have been cleaned up under the Illinois Environmental Protections Agency’s (IEPA) Leaking Underground Storage Tank (LUST) program. Throrium holds in this dataset ends November 15, 2016.  Data fields requiring description are detailed below.   APPLICATION ID:  Unique identifier of record.  MAPPED LOCATION: Contains latitude/longitude coordinates of the site as determined through the Chicago Open Data Portal’s geocoding engine. In instances where the facility address is a range, the lower number (the value in the “Street Number From” column) is used for geocoding. For example, for the range address 1000-1005 S Wabash Ave, the Mapped Location would be the coordinates for 1000 S Wabash Ave.   TYPE: Specifies the type of permit hold placed on a property or the hold released on an individual permit.  HIGHWAY AUTHORITY AGREEMENT is a permit hold placed on construction projects in the public right-of-way at certain locations in the City of Chicago. Refer to http://tinyurl.com/bn3grwt for more information. A THORIUM PERMIT HOLD is a permit hold placed on select properties in the Streeterville area for thorium contamination. Refer to http://tinyurl.com/d6wth39 . A THORIUM PERMIT HOLD RELEASE indicates that an applicant has complied with the necessary requirements and the Thorium Permit Hold has been lifted on the permit application. An NFR LUST is not a permit hold but the property may have certain land use restrictions or requirements (i.e. institutional or engineering controls) to prevent or minimize exposure of contaminants that may still be present at the property.  DATE: Date the record was entered into the database.   COMMENT: Comments relating to the hold or release.   DATA SOURCE: The city department that placed or released the hold.
DNR Project Codes for Financial Reporting
AFRS project codes used by DNR for financial accounting/reporting purposes.   DNR = WA Dept of Natural Resources AFRS = WA State Agency Financial Reporting System.
Numero de  Juntas de Acción Comunal  Urbano y Rural Población -  Municipio De Pasto a 24-04-2018
Numero de Juntas de Acción comunal  de los sectores Urbanos y Rurales del Municipio de Pasto
Public Private Beaches Closures
Public Private Beaches Closures for 2014.  For more information go to http://www.deq.state.mi.us/beach/
Payments Of Cash Or Equivalents From Pharmaceutical And Medical Device Companies To Physicians 9_30_14 Utah
This file contains the data set for Research Payments for the 2013 program year. Research Payments are defined as payments or other transfers of value made in connection with a research agreement or research protocol.
Market at the Square - Vendor Products
A listing of products sold by different Market vendors, with month-by-month details on which products are available at different times of the year.
INVENTARIO VIAS TERCIARIAS, MUNICIPIO DE SUSACÓN
Información de las vías terciarias del municipio de Susacón con sus respectivos nombres y kilómetros
Employment Standards Public Outreach
Data includes the number of events, public presentations, television appearances, and information sessions which provided information on Tacoma's minimum wage or paid sick leave.
2018-2019 PK For All Demographic Snapshot
2015-16 to 2018-19  Demographic Snapshot by Pre-K for All Site
Unemployment
Unemployment is measured by the percent of the labor force that is unemployed. The labor force includes all individuals aged 16 and older who are either employed or unemployed and looking for work. Individuals in the armed forces are excluded from this measure.
Uninsured children in Salt Lake County under 19 years old, 2006-2013
Uninsured Children
Registro de Activos de Información  -Alcaldía Distrital de Buenaventura
Registro de activos de información de la Alcaldía Distrital de Buenaventura
Council Districts
Council District boundary polygons throughout Pierce County. Districts were defined in redistricting process based on 2010 census population data where similar population numbers between districts are the goal. The boundaries are valid through the 2021 elections. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbaudit_council_districts.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (http://yakima.co.pierce.wa.us/GeoDataExpress/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
2015 SFO Customer Survey
SFO conducts a yearly comprehensive survey of our guests to gauge satisfaction with our facilities, services, and amenities. SFO compares results to previous surveys to look for areas of improvement and discover elements of the guest experience that are not satisfactory.
wallpaper_banner
Template Dataset: wallpaper_banner
CONTRATOS NUMERACIÓN EXTERNA ALCALDÍA DE CHIA 2019
NUMERACIÓN EXTERNA
Volunteer Stewardship Corps Volunteer Hours
PRKVS Measure K Performance
Citywide Performance Measurement Annual Report FY14
CCSF Controller's Office manages the Citywide Performance Measurement Program that collects and reports performance data from 50 City departments. The dataset  contains over 1,100 performance measures, which are collected semi-annually.  Please see the accompanying data dictionary for more information.  Our website at www.sfgov.org/controller/performance provides additional details and contacts.
ITA - Number of investment clients assisted
This measure captures the number of domestic and foreign firms, as well as domestic Economic Development Organizations, assisted by the Department of Commerce to attract inward investment into the United States. Commerce serves as the co-chair for the interagency Investment Working Group and is the lead coordinator of investment promotion across the USG.
Bridges - Supplemental
This dataset includes; Railroad Bridges, Private Road Bridges, City Bridges, National Park Bridges, JBLM Bridges, Pedestrian Bridges. This feature class does not contain bridges owned or maintained by either the county or state. These feature classes are in a separate feature class.  This data should not be considered complete.  Bridges are added to this data as they are discovered while the road data is being maintained.  A bridge is added to this data if it is not found in the WADOT Bridge data or the Washington Bridge Inventory System (WBIS).  Please see metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_bridges_supplemental.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
FIN Safety Committee Attendance by Department
Safety Committee Attendance by Department/Division in 2018. There was no meeting in September.
SDOT Construction List
Gives a snapshot of planned construction and events in Seattle that may impact traffic.
Report Card Assessment Data 2015-16 School Year
This file includes Report Card assessment data for 2015-16 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information.
Vital Signs: Daily Miles Traveled - by metro area (total)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Daily Miles Traveled (T14)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Total vehicle miles traveled    LAST UPDATED  July 2017    DESCRIPTION  Daily miles traveled, commonly referred to as vehicle miles traveled (VMT), reflects the total and per-person number of miles traveled in personal vehicles on a typical weekday. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional and county tables for total vehicle miles traveled.    DATA SOURCE  Federal Highway Administration: Highway Statistics Series  2015  Table HM-71; limited to urbanized areas  https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/statistics.cfm    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Vehicle miles traveled reflects the mileage accrued within the county and not necessarily the residents of that county; even though most trips are due to local residents, additional VMT can be accrued by through-trips. City data was thus discarded due to this limitation and the analysis only examine county and regional data, where through-trips are generally less common.    The metropolitan area comparison was performed by summing all of the urbanized areas for which the majority of its population falls within a given metropolitan area (9-nine region for the San Francisco Bay Area and the primary MSA for all others). For the metro analysis, no VMT data is available in rural areas; it is only available for intraregional analysis purposes.
Epa Townetting Ctd Casts Sites
InPort Dataset ID: 17849 InPort Entity ID: 36245 Table of sites where water column profiles were collected during the 2011 Puget Sound surveys.
Bellevue Population
Estimates of total population in Bellevue, Washington on April 1st each year since incorporation in 1953.
Reclamaciones Apique Agua Potable 2017
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE APIQUE DE AGUA
NPRB 926: Results from 2009 laboratory experiment measuring nuclear RNA
2009 walleye pollock larvae laboratory rearing experiment conducted in support of NPRB project 926. Data set contains various measurements of nuclear RNA used to determine the measurement that would be included in a model used to assess larval condition.
Farebox Recovery Ratio - Fiscal Year 2011 to Fiscal Year 2015
Farebox Recovery Ratio on a fiscal basis for Maryland Transit Administration services; Local Bus, Light Rail, Metro Rail, and MARC.    As of January 2017, farebox recovery is not longer being calculated by the Maryland Department of Transportation.
Esquema de publicación SDHT
Se trata del esquema de publicación de información de la Secretaría Distrital del Hábitat.
Election Precincts
Election Precinct boundary polygons throughout Pierce County. Data was created from the census blocks as defined in 2012, and is part of the re-districting process. Please read the metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbaudit_election_precincts.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
State Owned Buildings
March 2018 - Inventory of State Property  Contains information on structures that are owned by the State of Connecticut. This inventory is currently maintained by OPM and information is self-reported by those State agencies that have custody and control over State owned buildings. For additional information about this data, please contact the agency which is listed as owning the property. This data is updated each March. Data sorted by town name.
Performance Metrics - Streets & Sanitation - Garbage Cart Requests
The City of Chicago provides heavy-duty plastic 96-gallon garbage carts to single-family residences and apartment buildings of four units or less. This metric tracks the average number of days the Department of Streets and Sanitation (DSS) takes to complete new garbage cart requests per week. Median days to complete requests as well as total number of requests fulfilled per week are available by mousing over columns. Currently the performance target for completing a new garbage cart request is 7 days. For more information on garbage cart requests, see https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/9ksk-na4q
Honolulu 311 Reports
Updated daily with reports from the past month.
Uniform Crime Reporting System Offenses By Department 2011
The Uniform Crime Reporting Program measures the extent, fluctuation and distribution of crime throughout the United States. After counting Crime Index offenses reported, minus any unfounded complaints, contributors provide the number of “actual offenses” and the number of crimes cleared. For a criminal offense to be “cleared,” either of the following situations must prevail: (1) at least one person is arrested, charged, and turned over to the court for prosecution; or (2) some element beyond police control precludes the physical arrest of the offender (e.g., death of offender, victim refuses to cooperate, confession by offender already in police custody), resulting in the offense being cleared by “exceptional means.” Contributing agencies also include data on the value of property stolen and recovered in connection with the reported offenses, plus specific information regarding homicides, officers assaulted and arson.
2013 Small Cities Applicants
These are the approved applicants funded under the Federal Small Cities Community Development Block Grant (SC-CDBG) for 2013.
Accidentalidad trimestral Municipio de la Estrella
Datos sobre accidentalidad presentada por trimestres en el municipio
Medicare Part D Opioid Prescriber Summary File 2015
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Medicare Part D Opioid Prescriber Summary File, which presents information on the individual opioid prescribing rates of health providers that participate in Medicare Part D program. This file is a prescriber-level data set that provides data on the number and percentage of prescription claims (includes new prescriptions and refills) for opioid drugs, and contains information on each provider’s name, specialty, state, and ZIP code. This summary file was derived from the 2015 Part D Prescriber Summary Table (Documentation available at: https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/Medicare-Provider-Charge-Data/Downloads/Prescriber_Methods.pdf)
Motor Vehicle Occupant Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 5 - Chicago
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for motor vehicle occupants killed in crashes, 2012 & 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Summer Low Flow Trend Indicator 1975-2014
Summer Low Flow Trend Indicator results, statewide, updated through Oct 2014     This information is updated annually with an additional year of flow data. These results are provided to the Puget Sound Partnership for their Vital Signs (http://www.psp.wa.gov/vitalsigns/summer_stream_flows.php) and to the Governor's Salmon Recovery Office for the "State of Salmon in Watersheds" report (http://stateofsalmon.wa.gov/statewide/indicators/water-quantity).     The attached document "WR Indicator Outcomes Memo - 10-24-10.pdf" describes the methodology for developing these indicators. The attached document "Low Flow Indicator Metadata.pdf" describes the contents of each column.     Dept. of Ecology home page: http://www.ecy.wa.gov/     Disclaimer:   Information provided by Ecology on this Web site is accurate to the best of Ecology's knowledge and is subject to change on a regular basis, without notice. Ecology cannot and does not warrant that the information on this Web site is absolutely current, although every effort is made to ensure that it is kept as current as possible. Ecology cannot and does not warrant the accuracy of these documents beyond the source documents, although every attempt is made to work from authoritative sources. Links to related sites are provided as a courtesy, but Ecology is not responsible for their availability, content or policies.
Solid Waste Inspections 6-1-2009 To 12-31-2017
Solid Waste Inspections Dataset 6-1-2009 to 12-31-2017
Salaries: ESD: Grant: Fiscal Year 2014
Salaries for Grant ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
Purchase Orders & Purchase Agreements
Issued to acquire and track products and services
Hospital Inpatient Prevention Quality Indicators (PQI) for Adult Discharges by Zip Code (SPARCS): Calendar Year 2015
This is one of two datasets that contain observed and expected rates for Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Prevention Quality Indicators – Adult (AHRQ PQI) for calendar year 2015. This dataset is at the zip code level. The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) Prevention Quality Indicators (PQIs) are a set of population based measures that can be used with hospital inpatient discharge data to identify ambulatory care sensitive conditions. These are conditions where 1) the need for hospitalization is potentially preventable with appropriate outpatient care, or 2) conditions that could be less severe if treated early and appropriately. All PQIs apply only to adult populations (over the age of 18 years). The rates were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data and Claritas population information.  The observed rates and expected rates for each AHRQ PQI is presented by either resident county (including a statewide total) or resident zip code (including a statewide total).
Tablas de retención documental
Tablas de retención documental
Student Enrollment
This file contains two enrollment statistics for a given school year. First, it shows the end-of-year enrollment, which contains any actively enrolled student in a Delaware public school for at least one day. Since end-of-year enrollment allows for student movement between schools, students entering schools from out of state, and students leaving schools, the total number of students are not meant to reflect the actual number of students enrolled at any point-in-time. End-of-year enrollment is meant to show the total number of students being educated within the public school system within a school year. The second key statistic is Fall enrollment. This snapshot is taken at the beginning of each school year to help the state properly allocate resources to schools. Fall enrollment is generally smaller than end-of-year enrollment.
Estructura empresarial de Medellín, según comuna y tamaño de empresa 2018
Estructura empresarial de Medellín, según comuna y tamaño de empresa 2018
Washington State Public Library Services Affected by COVID-19
This dataset records information about how COVID-19 has affected various services at Washington State's 60 public library systems.
Densidad de Población -  Municipios y áreas no municipalizadas.
Los datos publicados equivalen al número de personas por kilómetro cuadrado para el área total municipal, de acuerdo con las proyecciones de población del DANE 2020 y el área municipal del nivel geográfico municipio del Marco Geoestadístico Nacional 2020.
MTA.projects_poly
"A. SUMMARY This dataset is the data behind the Interactive Project Map (IPM) Collector Tool web map. The IPM web map gathers spatial data for agency projects that have project pages on SFMTA.com and CIP projects.  For more information about this dataset please contact ProjectMap@sfmta.com  B. METHODOLOGY  Data is collected from project managers and SFMTA.com project page editors through the Interactive Project Map Collector Tool.  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  The data is updated on an as needed basis. Project geographies should be updated by project managers and project pge editors whenever project extents change.   D. OTHER CRITICAL INFO  Please note there is a 250ft buffer for projects to more accurately represent the supervisor districts and neighborhoods that could potentially be affected by a project."
Department Of Public Safety -  Colorado Bureau Of Investigations - Marijuana Offenses
Marijuana related offenses in the State of Colorado as reported by the Colorado Department of Public Safety and Colorado Bureau of Investigations
County Business Patterns - Municipios Puerto Rico 2010
Serie anual que provee datos económicos de las industrias a nivel de los municipios en Puerto Rico. En este se incluye información sobre la cantidad de establecimientos, empleos durante la semana 12 de marzo del año de referencia, nómina para el primer trimestre y nómina para el año de referencia.
Seguimiento Primer Trimestre del Plan Estratégico Institucional del INM
Seguimiento Primer Trimestre del Plan Estratégico Institucional del INM
Campaña de sensibilizacion barbosa colegios
campaña de sensibilizacion Barbosa segura en la via "en casa te espero" donde se le enseñan a los  niños de los colegios el significado de cada una de las señales de transito.
CONTRATOS REALIZADOS VIGENCIA 2019 MUNICIPIO DE GUAPOTÁ
Contratos realizados en el Municipio de Guapotá en la vigencia 2019.
CTA - Ridership - Daily Boarding Totals
This dataset shows systemwide boardings for both bus and rail services provided by CTA, dating back to 2001. Daytypes are as follows: W = Weekday, A = Saturday, U = Sunday/Holiday. See attached readme file for information on how these numbers are calculated.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of February 2019.</p>
Report Card Graduation 2018-19
This file includes Report Card Graduation data for the 2018-19 school year. This data is disaggregated by the school, district, and state levels and includes counts and graduation rates of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information and notes for downloading this data.
Business Source Center Program Performance Objectives (Q3:  04/18 - 12/18)
The Business Source Center (BSC) Program, funded through the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), provides entrepreneurial training, technical assistance and access to capital for micro-enterprise and start-up businesses.  The program promotes job creation for Angelenos by providing entrepreneurs and small business the support they need to start and/or expand their business.  Goals are established through United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) guidelines and local measures.
Centros educativos municipio de Envigado Antioquia
Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Envigado donde la Personería Municipal brinda capacitación en derechos humanos y apoyo a la labor de los Personeros y representantes estudiantiles.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS046
Driver Feedback Sign DFS046  Latitude: 53.62135 Longitude: -113.5557  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Tendencia Pago Contraprestación Por departamento  Servicio TIC Y Postal
Esta información muestra la tendencia de pago de contraprestaciones por departamento de los prestadores de Servicio TIC Y Postal, de acuerdo con las obligaciones de la normativa vigente.  Años 2016 y 2017
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Schedule G - Payments Made by an Agent or Independent Contractor
This dataset includes all itemized payments made by an agent or independent contractor ($500 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Schedule "G" Payments Made by an Agent or Independent Contractor from 1998 to the present.The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
2015-16 Health Education MS Level - City Council District
Local Law 14 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide Health Education data, disaggregated by community school district, city council district and each individual school.  This reports provides information about the number and percent of students receiving one semester of health education as defined in local law 14 as reported through 2015-2016 STARS database.   It includes school level data on number of 6-8 graders that received a semester of health instruction as well as number of 8th graders meeting the middle school health requirements for 2015-16 school year.  This regulation does not require students to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in middle school, only prior to completing 8th grade and a student may advance without completing the course.
123 - FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 1.1
Office of Information Technology Performance Metrics Objective 1.1- Percentage of OIT Initiated projects completed on schedule, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Wasatch County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014 FINAL
The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org).  The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 1 Hour Intervals: 2015
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
Producción Agrícola consolidada en el 2017
La siguiente base de datos contiene la producción agrícola  consolidada en el 2017 en el Municipio de Santa Isabel Tolima
Tramites de la Alcaldía Municipal de Candelaria Valle
Listado de tramites inscritos en el SUIT (Sistema Único de Información de Trámites)
EPark Pay Machine Locations
The EPark Pay Machine location for the respective parking zone.
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2011
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2011
LISTADO EMPLEADOS ALCALDÍA MUNICIPAL DE QUEBRADANEGRA
LISTADO EMPLEADOS ALCALDÍA MUNICIPAL DE QUEBRADANEGRA
[ARCHIVED] Health Statistics Cancer Counts 2002-2010
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports cancer counts by primary site, age and sex.  Geographies available: county, district health authorities
DSS Township Counts - by Age - CY 2016
DSS CY 2016 Town counts - Number of people by age group enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2016, by township. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
Permit Revenue FY 18- YTD FY 20
This data set shows the permit revenue for FY 2018 thru YTD FY 20, separated by month. Updated monthly.
Bark Ranger Database
List of registered Bar Rangers for our Park Ranger Bark Ranger Program from the start of the program in 2013
Department for the Aging (DFTA) All Contracted Providers
Listing of all Senior Centers, Abuse Prevention Contracts, Home Care Contracts, Legal Services Contracts, NORC Contracts, Transportation Contracts, Case Mangement Contracts, Home Delivered Meal Contracts and  Caregiver Contracts in all five boroughs.</p>  The Department for the Aging (DFTA) provides a wide array of services specific to the elderly population of New York City.  To accomplish this, the department contracts out to organizations (mainly non-profit) to provide these services throughout the five boroughs.  The majority of the services provided are through our Neighborhood Senior Centers which provide free meals (mostly lunch, some breakfast and dinner meals) that meet nutritional standards defined by the FDA.  DFTA provides this data of our contracted agencies sorted by the contract servivce type.  The dataset contains the relevant information for the public to contact the agencies providing the services they may be seeking.  The data is limited in that the contract service type does not provide the full scope of services that are provided in detail.
Feeding Mesa - Off the Streets
Information about food boxed distributed as part of the Mesa CARES Off-the-Streets program.
Transit Operators Expenses
2003-2019 Transit Operators Financial Transactions Report - Expenses, for the finance application.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a JUNIO de 2016
Reportes Financieros con corte a 30 de Junio de 2016 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
2005 - 2011 Graduation Outcomes - School Level - - Ethnicity
Latest available data and trends in graduation and dropout outcomes by school and ethnicity
PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD GENERAL ATENDIDA EN CONSULTA EXTERNA EN LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA AÑO 2015
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS MUESTRA EL PORCENTAJE DE LAS PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD GENERAL ATENDIDA EN CONSULTA EXTERNA EN LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA DURANTE EL AÑO 2015
2012 - 2013 Citywide Progress Report
New York City Department of Education 2012 - 2013 Citywide Progress Report. Data based on DBN, District and Schools information performance category. 1) Elementary, K-8, Early Childhood - Peer groups were based on % ELL, % Students with Disabilities, Economic Need Index and % Black/Hispanic.  2) Middle - For middle schools, peer groups were based on average 4th grade proficiency ratings in ELA and Math and the % Students with Disabilties.  3) High School - For high schools, peer groups were based on the average 8th grade proficiency, the % Students with Disabilties, the % Self-contained, and the % overage.
Oregon Trade Promotion Program (OTPP)
Grants provided in Fiscal Year 2020. The Oregon Trade Promotion Program offers matching grants to small businesses to begin exporting goods into global markets, or expand sales in new markets. They can be used towards trade show costs, trade mission participation, translation services, export workshops and other eligible activities that support export growth. For more information, visit https://www.oregon4biz.com/Global-Connections/
NNDSS - Table II. Spotted Fever Rickettsiosis to Syphilis
NNDSS - Table II. Spotted Fever Rickettsiosis to Syphilis - 2016.  In this Table, provisional* cases of selected† notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.  Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:  C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.   NP:  Nationally notifiable but not published.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum.    * Case counts for reporting year 2016 are provisional and subject to change.   For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.  † Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, have been moved to Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.  § Illnesses with similar clinical presentation that result from Spotted fever group rickettsia infections are reported as Spotted fever rickettsioses.   Rocky Mountain spotted fever (RMSF) caused by Rickettsia rickettsii, is the most common and well-known spotted fever.
School Nutrition Programs – Meal Reimbursement Information – Program Year 2015-2016
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b>meal reimbursement for sites participating in school nutrition programs for program year 2015-2016.</b> The school nutrition program year begins July 1 and ends June 30.<p> <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br>  TDA aims to post new data by November 1 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and at one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Saravena - Arauca Instituciones Educativas Oficiales
Se relaciona información asociada a instituciones educativas del municipio de Saravena con sus respectivas sedes, datos de contacto, directivos administrativos, modalidad de educación entre otros
EAPB ACTIVAS EN EL MUNICIPIO
NUMERO DE EPS CON POBLACIÓN ACTIVA EN EL MUNICIPIO DE COPACABANA
ACT Road Crash Data
<b>DATASET DISCLAIMER: Spatial location of road crashes within the ACT since 2012 which have been reported by the Police or the Public through the AFP Crash Report Form. This dataset only represents crashes that have been reported using the AFP Crash Report Form, and any crashes which have been reported through other channels are not displayed within this dataset.   Note that this data may not represent the exact spatial location of each reported road crash, as the points of each crash are purely indicative of the intersection or midblock location as indicated by the point attributes. Crashes are reviewed on an annual basis, so the existing data may change over time as a result of this review.</b>
Feed the Future Mozambique Baseline Population Survey, Household Data
The Mozambique Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in two provinces, Zambizia and Nampula. These areas were selected based on national estimates that indicate that the incidence of poverty, malnutrition, and stunting among children less than five years of age is disproportionately high. These provinces are adjacent to three of the country's main trade corridors: Nacala (linking Mozambique to Malawi and Zambia), Beira (linking Mozambique to Zimbabwe), and the N1 (key North-South road connecting Nacala and Beira corridors). This spreadsheet describes the households surveyed.
Client Demographics for the Medical Transportation Program funded by the Ryan White Grants
The Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program provides a comprehensive system of care that includes primary medical care and essential support services for people living with HIV who are uninsured or underinsured. The Ryan White Grants are Federal funds which offer services to HIV clients in the Austin area and surrounding 10 counties. Medical Transportation is a service available to Ryan White eligible clients to use to get to and from medical appointments. This data includes Client Id, Age Range (10 years) , Gender, Education, Insurance, Race , Ethnicity, Primary Language, Living Situation. It also includes the medical transportation type used, Agency that issued the transportation, Grant Type, Grant Dates and Grant Year.
UC & CSU
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by  the University of California and California State University
Ability To Speak English By Marital Status
(Excluding those less than 5 years old or speak only English)				  Hawaii’s Limited English Proficient (LEP) Population: A Demographic and Socio-Economic Profile
Home Health Care Agencies
A list of all Home Health Agencies that have been registered with Medicare. The list includes addresses, phone numbers, and quality measure ratings for each agency.
Office of Professional Standards Statistics
Pursuits  These include incidents where suspects in vehicles flee and or tried to elude law enforcement, placing themselves, officers and bystanders in hazardous situations.  Citizen-Initiated Bureau Investigations  Investigations generated by a citizen or a police supervisor to address an officer’s alleged misconduct and/or inefficiency. They are investigated by the officer’s immediate supervisor.  Office of Professional Standards Investigations  Office of Professional Standards are investigations generated by either citizens or the Chief of Police to review serious allegations of officer/ police employee misconduct.  Commendations  Commendations are official positive recognition of police officers for actions that go above ordinary duties.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Seniors by Age Group
This indicator shows the senior population by age group. Number (#) represents the number of seniors in that age group. Percentage (%) represents the percentage the age group makes up out of the total population in the geography. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B01001.
Farmed Macroalgae Growth
InPort Dataset ID: 30898 InPort Entity ID: 35541 Specific Growth rate of Farmed Macroalgae.
Buprenorphine Dispensation Data Quarter 3 2016 - Current Quarterly Statewide Health
View quarterly trends in buprenorphine dispensation data. Please note that buprenorphine data received by the PDMP is restricted to prescriptions filled by pharmacies. The PDMP does not collect information on the reason a controlled substance is prescribed, nor does it collect data from substance abuse treatment facilities or dispensing prescribers providing buprenorphine for substance abuse treatment. Buprenorphine is sometimes prescribed off-label for pain. Please see PDMP Data Technical Notes for additional details: https://www.health.pa.gov/topics/programs/PDMP/Pages/Data.aspx
NOAA - Marine wind: percentage of accurate forecasts
This measures the accuracy of wind speed forecasts, which are important for marine commerce. Accuracy is defined in terms of error.  Legacy statistics are available from FY 1994 through FY 2012. New marine verification program began FY 2013. Beginning in FY 2013, Wind and Wave verification extended out to 5 and 7 days respectively, while the legacy program was limited to verifying Day 1 with errors less than 5 knots are defined as accurate.   Since FY 2014, a higher threshold of forecast errors has been used to define correct forecasts whenever higher wind speeds have occurred. Hence, wind speed forecasts with errors less than (7 knots, 10 knots, 15 knots) are accurate forecasts when the observed wind speed equals or exceeds (20 knots, 34 knots, 48 knots) respectively.   This measure uses complex skill scores to analyze individual wind speed components.
Beneficiarios de la Iniciativa Apps.co
Una iniciativa diseñada desde MinTIC para promover y potenciar la creación de negocios a partir del uso de las TIC, poniendo especial interés en el desarrollo de aplicaciones móviles, software y otros contenidos digitales.
Iowa Population 25 Years and Over by Sex, Race and Educational Attainment (ACS 5-Year Estimate)
This dataset provides population 25 years and over estimates by sex, race and educational attainment for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Tables C15002A, C15002B, C15002C, C15002D, C15002E, C15002F, and C15002G.  Sex categories: Male, Female, and Both.  Race categories: White Alone, Black or African American Alone, American Indian and Alaska Native, Asian Alone, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander Alone, Some Other Race, and Two or More Races.  Educational attainment categories: Less than High School, High School Graduate, Some College or Associates Degree, and Bachelors Degree or Higher.
BWI Passenger Data - January 2010 to July 2013
The total number of passengers per month by airline flying into and out of Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport.  Passenger totals include both local and connecting passengers.
Valores tope anuales de remuneración por la compartición de infraestructura eléctrica, de postes y ductos utilizados para la prestación de servicios de telecomunicaciones, televisión o radiodifusión sonora.
Valores tope anuales de remuneración por la compartición de infraestructura eléctrica para la prestación de servicios de telecomunicaciones y/o televisión.  Valores tope mensuales de remuneración por la compartición de infraestructura de postes y ductos utilizados en la prestación de servicios de telecomunicaciones, televisión o radiodifusión sonora.
Programas ofertados 1-2019
Programas ofertados de los diferentes niveles de la UPTC para el primer semestre de 2019
Proponentes activos 2020
Proponentes activos a octubre 15 de 2020 (renovaciones e incripciones)
CONSOLIDADO DE CONTRATACION MES DE FEBRERO
AQUI SE ENCUENTRA EL CONSOLIDADO DE LA CONTRATACION DEL DEPARTAMENTO DEL QUINDIO EN EL MES DE FEBRERO
Traffic Signals Location
This dataset contains the location of traffic signals in the ACT
Medicare Referring DMEPOS HCPCS State Aggregate table CY2016
The 2016 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) State Aggregate table presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.  The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2016 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Población Régimen Contributivo en el Departamento del Cesar
Población Régimen Contributivo en el Departamento del Cesar
Listado de conjuntos de datos PIDA
Este dataset hace un levantamiento preliminar y parcial sobre la disponibilidad en Colombia de los 30 conjuntos de datos propuestos por el Programa Interamericano de Datos Abiertos de lucha contra la corrupción. Para ampliar el contexto del programa revise la Guía de Apertura: Usar Datos Abiertos para Combatir la Corrupción  https://docs.google.com/document/d/182USj4La896XgMZ-LTw7A3HYbA5i7aP0p2JLBL8a-24/edit#heading=h.5tohb79d3s3d
Población Afiliada Régimen Contributivo Armenia
DISTRIBUCIÓN DE LA POBLACIÓN AFILIADA RÉGIMEN CONTRIBUTIVO ARMENIA A MAYO DE 2019.
Current Employment Statistics: Beginning 1990
Current Employment by Industry (CES) data reflect jobs by "place of work." It does not include the self-employed, unpaid family workers, and private household employees. Jobs located in the county or the metropolitan area that pay wages and salaries are counted although workers may live outside the area. Jobs are counted regardless of the number of hours worked. Individuals who hold more than one job (i.e. multiple job holders) may be counted more than once. The employment figure is an estimate of the number of jobs in the area (regardless of the place of residence of the workers) rather than a count of jobs held by the residents of the area.
ANM Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
Es el inventario de la información que puede causar un daño a determinados derechos o intereses públicos (Reserva) o privados (Clasificación), por lo que no es publicable.
City Bonus Codes
A listing of the different "bonus codes" that supplement the pay of City employees, not including DWP. DWP Pay Codes are available here: https://controllerdata.lacity.org/Payroll/Department-of-Water-and-Power-DWP-Pay-Codes/jwzw-nd84    The Category field indicates which column of the Payroll dataset (https://controllerdata.lacity.org/Payroll/Payroll/8hc2-qe2x) that particular pay code relates to. Pay codes are governed by the Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) between the City and its labor representatives; State, City and Federal law; and Departmental policy.
DERECHOS DE PETICION RECIBIDAS OFICINA ATENCIÓN AL CIUDADANO 2019
DERECHOS DE PETICIÓN RECIBIDAS
2018 DOE Middle School Directory
Directory of Department of Education Schools in 2018.
Salud sexual - subtemas
subtemas salud sexual y reproductiva
NNDSS - TABLE 1CC. Rabies, Animal to Rabies, Human
NNDSS - TABLE 1CC. Rabies, Animal to Rabies, Human - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.   * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Video Conference Expansion Measure K
Video Conference Expansion ISD Measure K project ISDTI
Demographics by Borough
This dataset provides a Demographic breakdown of only DYCD-funded participants within a Borough of NYC. The data displays the counts, and percentages of the participants in each of the following categories:  ●	Gender (Male, Female, Unknown)  ●	Ethnicity (Hispanic/Latino, non-Hispanic/non-Latino)  ●	Race (Pacific Islander, American Indian, Asian, White, Black, Other, Unknown)  This data is used to measure the numbers of the different population groups that are served by DYCD for a Borough, and Community.
Medicaid Inpatient Prevention Quality Indicators (PQI) for Adult Discharges by Patient County: Beginning 2011
The datasets contain number of Medicaid PQI hospitalizations (numerator), county Medicaid population (denominator), observed rate, expected number of hospitalizations and rate, and risk-adjusted rate for Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Prevention Quality Indicators – Adult (AHRQ PQI) for Medicaid enrollees beginning in 2011.
Local Law 14 Health Data - HS School
"""Local Law 14 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide Health Education data, dis aggregated by community school district, city council district, and each individual school. Data reported in this report is from the 2015-16 school year.  ""  This report provides information about the number and percent of students receiving one semester of health education as defined in Local Law 14 as reported through the 2015-2016 STARS database. It is important to note that schools self-report their scheduling information in STARS.    This report consists of 10 tabs:    1.   Health Education Standards  2.   HS - School   3.   HS-District  4.   JS-City Council District  5.   MS-School  6.   MS-District  7.   Ms-City Council District  8.   Efficacy  9.  Compliance   10. LGBTQ Inclusivity    1. Health Education Standards    This tab provides information on the New York State Health Education Requirements and Standards. These requirements can be found in NYS Education Commissioner’s Regulation Subchapter G Part 135.    2. HS - School     This tab includes school level data on the number of students that received a semester (one credit) of health instruction, as well as the number of June and August graduates meeting the HS health requirements for the 2015-2016 school year.  Note that students are not required to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in high school, only prior to graduating. Additionally, values less than 100% do not necessarily imply that students graduated without meeting credit requirements. In very rare cases, these values may indicate missing or incomplete historical transcript data.    3. HS - District    This tab includes district level data on the number of students that received a semester (one credit) of health instruction, as well as the number of June and August graduates meeting the HS health requirements for the 2015-2016 school year.  Note that students are not required to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in high school, only prior to graduating. Additionally, values less than 100% do not necessarily imply that students graduated without meeting credit requirements. In very rare cases, these values may indicate missing or incomplete historical transcript data.    4. HS - City Council District     This tab includes city council district level data on the number of students that received a semester (one credit) of health instruction, as well as the number of June and August graduates meeting the HS health requirements for the 2015-2016 school year.  Note that students are not required to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in high school, only prior to graduating. Additionally, values less than 100% do not necessarily imply that students graduated without meeting credit requirements. In very rare cases, these values may indicate missing or incomplete historical transcript data.    5. Ms - School     This tab includes school level data on the number of 6-8 graders that received a semester (one half-unit) of health instruction, as well as the number of 8th graders meeting the middle school health requirements for the 2015-2016 school year. Note that this regulation does not require students to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in middle school, only prior to completing 8th grade. However, a student may advance to the next grade without completing the course.     6. MS - District     This tab includes district level data on the number of 6-8 graders that received a semester (one half-unit) of health instruction, as well as the number of 8th graders meeting the  middle school health requirements for the 2015-2016 school year. Note that this regulation does not require students to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in middle school, only prior to completing 8th grade. However, a student may advance to the next grade without completing the course.     7. MS - City Council District     This tab includes Cit
Police Stations
The location of the 9 police district stations plus Police Headquarters.
Registro Anual de Puestos por Demografía
English Name: Annual Register of Government Positions by Demographic Characteristics    Archivo incluye las respuestas recibidas de entidades públicas del Gobierno del de Puerto Rico sobre el número de puestos ocupados en cada entidad al 30 de junio de cada año fiscal, según desglosado por una serie de temas socio- económicas y administrativos. En adición, incluye el número de transacciones de personal y de casos de discrimen, presentados durante el año fiscal, para varios años fiscales: 2012‐2013, 2013-2014, 2014-2015 y 2015-2016. Los temas incluyen el tipo de puesto (carrera, confianza sin derecho a reinstalación, confianza con derecho a reinstalación, transitorios, irregulares y otros), género del empleado, jornada laboral, logro educativo, personas con impedimento, acomodo razonable, pensionados activos, retribución por hora, años de servicio en el Gobierno, edad. Las transacciones de personal incluyen empleados nuevos, reingresados, ascendidos, trasladados, reinstalados, habilitados, renunciantes, cesanteados, destituidos, y retirados. Las causales de discrimen incluyen por edad, impedimento, político, religioso, género, nacionalidad y orientación sexual (real o aparente).
Retail Reports by Industry in Colorado
Monthly reports per industry in Colorado on sales, taxes revenues, retailers, and returns from the Colorado Department of Revenue.
2015 Composite All ESD Contracts SB250v2
This is a composite listing of contract data from all ESD's per SB250 for Fiscal Year 2015. For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/ESDTransparency.aspx
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS MUNICIPIO DE MANI
Información Instituciones Educativas Municipio de Maní
LEAF Performance Indicator Data: Funding Amounts and Sources
This dataset includes the sources and amounts of funding contributed towards various LEAF activities and purposes.
Payment Type of Controlled Substances
This dataset shows the payment type of controlled substance prescriptions beginning in 2017
Informes radicados
Conjunto de datos: Informes de ingresos y gastos radicados.
MORBILIDAD CONSULTA URGENCIAS, ATENCION PRIORITARIA, CONSULTA PARTOS
La base de datos contiene las primeras causas de consulta de URGENCIAS, PARTOS, ATENCIÓN PRIORITARIA del 2019
DSS Township Counts - by Ethnicity - CY 2015
DSS CY 2015 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2015, by township and ethnicity. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
Kennel Inspections 2003-Current Agriculture
Historical results of Kennel Inspections in Pennsylvania.
Resultados Saber Pro Competencias Especificas 2019-2
Resultados anonimizados de las pruebas especificas para la prueba de Saber Pro.
Medicaid Electronic Health Records Incentive Program Provider Payments: Beginning 2011
The dataset is representative of financial incentive payments disbursed to Eligible Professionals (EPs) and Eligible Hospitals (EHs) by the NY Medicaid Electronic Health Records (EHR) Incentive Program, a CMS Promoting Interoperability Program. Authorized by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009, this program provides multi-year financial incentives to EPs and EHs who adopt, implement, or upgrade, and subsequently demonstrate meaningful use of Certified Electronic Health Record Technology (CEHRT).
OPD Officer-Involved Shootings
This Data includes all officer-involved shootings since 2009.  Transparency is a priority for the Orlando Police Department and we will continue to include more information in this Dataset.  Starting in 2014 all officer-involved shooting investigations are reviewed by the State Attorney's Office. A link to the State Attorney's review letter is provided for investigations that are complete. Prior to 2014 only cases where the someone was hit as a result of the shooting were reviewed by the State Attorney's Office. All other cases were reviewed internally. A link to those findings are provided.
Cook County Assessor's Modeling Data
Modeling dataset used by the Cook County Assessor in their Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal system used to assess residential properties in Northern Triennial Townships. This dataset contains property information for every residential PIN in the Northern Triennial Townships where class is within a specified list of classes. For disclaimers, see dataset narrative at https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/stories/s/p2kt-hk36
Upcoming contracts to be awarded (CAP)
<b>Current report not available pending SCA program On Pause.</b>  New school projects (Capacity)  that will complete design within the next 6 months and will be available for bid.
Maryland Funding FY09 Payments Data
Summary information of payments to vendors that received $25,000 or more for a respective fiscal year also published on spending.dbm.maryland.gov website..
Article 11 Ratings
Parcels rated under Article 11 of the Planning Code - Preservation of buildings and districts of architectural, historical and aesthetic importance in the C-3 zoning district.
GRADUADOS DEL 2018-2  2019-1  ESCUELA NACIONAL DEL DEPORTE
Graduados de la Escuela Nacional del Deporte en los períodos 2018/2 y 2019/1
Cuadro Informativo de Comparendos Secretaria de Transito Armenia
Cantidad De Infracciones Impuestas Durante El Período: Desde: 01/01/2019 Hasta: 31/03/2019
Revenue Accounts
Budget and Actual - current and preceding 4 fiscal years
ESQUEMA DE PUBLICACIÓN DE LA INFORMACIÓN
ESQUEMA DE PUBLICACIÓN DE LA INFORMACIÓN TITIRIBI
New Years Eve Downtown - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the August 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=476&as=Hp0xa33UD7&t=1. Open from August 10 - 18, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3275 Insight Community Members. 1329 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1442  respondents completed the survey: 1329 Insight Community Members and 113 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Fire Alarm Permits
This dataset contains data for Fire Alarm Permits including status and work performed.  A fire alarm permit is required for all work involving installations, alterations or modifications of a fire alarm system. Permits are required any time that a fire alarm system is affected by any sort of work including repair. Update Frequency : Daily
DELETE Michigan Financial Indicators
To be deleted very soon
Gallagher Park - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the February 2019 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/6ASXWfhoFPzA5wspHQtHNp?t=1  Open from March 12 - 19, 2019.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 10,136 Insight Community Members. 2,316 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 23%. A total of 2,329 respondents completed the survey: 2,316 Insight Community Members and 6 from the call to action button on our web page and 7 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo de palma de aceite, en el departamento de Cesar.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicacióndela metodología de Evaluación de Tierras a escala 1:100.000, para la formulación del Plan de Ordenamiento Productivo y Social de la Propiedad Rural, así como la realización del Análisis Hidrológico para generar soluciones de Irrigación para zonas y sectores productivos estratégicos en el departamento del Cesar. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de palma de aceite. Categorias: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de palma de aceite.
2017-2019 Youth & Young Adult Division Client Demographics
Basic demographic information for clients served by the City of Evanston Youth and Young Adult (YYA) Division. All YYA clients are Evanston residents.
Reclamaciones Saneamiento 2017
INFORME CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE SANEAMIENTO DE AGUA
Tax Parcels
Tax parcel polygons throughout Pierce County, including condos, but not including mobile homes which can be found in the "Mobile Home" layer instead.  Parcel number is the unique identifier and additional parcel attribution can be found here (https://www.co.pierce.wa.us/736/Data-Downloads). Click the link for Use Code Descriptions (https://www.co.pierce.wa.us/DocumentCenter/View/604/Use-Code-Listing?bidId=).  Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbparc_taxparcel.html) for additional information.  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).   If you have questions or need supplemental information, please call the Assessor-Treasurer Operations Team at 253-798-3134.
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Producer Survey 2018 - Module H Loan Information
This dataset contains information on the value of loans accessed by producer beneficiaries included in the FY 18 producer survey.  This dataset is Module H of a data asset that contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2018 annual results survey of smallholder producers assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using a two-staged cluster design. In the first stage, 77 villages were selected for inclusion in the survey using the method of probability proportional to size based on beneficiary population data as recorded in FTFT-MnM's client database. In the second stage, 12 respondents were selected from each village. In total, 932 respondents were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic demographic data and landholdings. Module B captures information on the household members. Module C captures information on the dietary diversity of female household members. Modules D, E, F, G capture data on production of horticultural produce and associated costs, as well as information on sales. Module H captures information on access to finance.
ITU Key ICT Indicators
ITU Key ICT indicators for developed and developing countries and the world (totals and penetration rates).  From 2005 to 2017 featuring end-2017 estimates.    The developed/developing country classifications are based on the UN M49, see: http://www.itu.int/en/ITU-D/Statistics/Pages/definitions/regions.aspx    Regions are based on the ITU regions, see: http://www.itu.int/en/ITU-D/Statistics/Pages/definitions/regions.aspx    NOTES:   1.  The data was originally in messy Excel tables and has been manually reshaped to long format, which may have introduced some errors.  2.  This data has changed significantly between the 2016 and 2017 editions, including historical data as far back as 2005, but no explanation for this has been given and the data is not marked as changed.  3.  The figures in the source data are 8 decimal places but have been rounded to 3 decimal places here.  4.  The data for Least Developed Countries (LDCs) was first added in 2017, with full history going back to 2005.
ITA-Dollar Value of U.S. contracts from advocacy wins
The estimated dollar value (in billions) of U.S. goods or services to a foreign government of contracts signed by U.S. businesses or their representatives with U.S. Government assistance. Commerce serves as the Chair of the Interagency Task Force on Commercial Advocacy and is the lead coordinator of advocacy efforts across the U.S. Government.
Estadisticas sector agropecuario ganado bovino.
Estadistica descriptiva de la produccion del ganado bobino en el departamento de sucre.
Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Program Eligibility Criteria
This dataset includes eligibility criteria for participation in the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC).  WIC offers nutrition education, breastfeeding support, referrals, and a variety of nutritious foods to low-income pregnant, breastfeeding, or postpartum women, infants, and children up to age five to promote and support good health. To be eligible to receive WIC benefits, specific eligibility requirements must be met, including categorical, residential, income, and nutritional risk criteria.
[ARCHIVED] Crime by Youths 2005-2007
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports youth criminal activity.  Geographies available: police districts
Cantidad De Tramites Ingresados2016( I)
Cantidad de trámites ingresados agrupados por tipo de trámite
Litigios Demandas Contraloría General de Caldas
Data Litigios Demandas Contraloría General de Caldas
Baseline Survey for an Impact Evaluation of the Greenbelt Transformation Initiative in South Sudan-Data: Section 2
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the second spreadsheet of seven in the Baseline Survey for an Impact Evaluation of the Greenbelt Transformation Initiative in South Sudan-Data.
Rocky Mountain Goat Harvest Hunt Utah 2010
Rocky Mountain Goat Harvest Hunt Utah 2010
Barrios del Municipio de Los Patios por estratos
En el siguiente documento, se podra encontrar, los barrios del Municipio de Los Patios, con su estrado.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS108
Driver Feedback Sign DFS108    Latitude: 53.54453  Longitude: -113.57793    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
ESTUDIANTES POR SEDE Y GRADO A FEBRERO 2020
Estudiantes matriculados en Instituciones Educativas del Departamento de Santander, información por sede y grado.
Cobertura de vacunacion contra neumococo
Es el porcentaje de niños de que han recibido vacuna contra neumococo en el departamento de Nariño, desde 2015, agrupados por municipio, mes y año.
Ball Diamonds
List of all baseball diamonds in Edmonton
INVENTARIO DE POTENCIA EN LUMINARIAS INSTALADAS EN EL AÑO 2018
Es la cantidad que hay de la potencia de las luminarias existentes actualmente, donde se muestra el inventario mes a mes y el total final de cada año.
Internet Móvil, ingresos por proveedor
Internet Móvil, ingresos por proveedor
Electronic Police Report 2014
All Police Reports filed by NOPD officers including incident and supplemental reports containing the item number, location, disposition, signal, charges, offender race, offender gender, offender age, victim age, victim gender, and victim race. Police Reports can be updated when subsequent information is determined as a result of an investigation. In order to protect the privacy of victims, addresses are shown at the block level.Disclaimer: The New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information. The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. For instance, the data contains ages that may be negative due to data entry errors. NOPD has chosen to publish the data as it exists in the source systems for transparency and has instituted data validation where appropriate to ensure quality data in the future. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
ESTIMACIONES 1993-2005 Y PROYECCIONES 2005-2020 DE VIVIENDAS NACIONAL Y DEPARTAMENTAL (Gobernación del Atlántico)
Los cálculos se derivan del número de hogares y la relación hogares por vivienda.  Viviendas según concepto censal hace referencia al tipo de vivienda consultado en los censos de población y vivienda. Las series de estimaciones y proyecciones aquí presentadas, están sujetas a ajustes de acuerdo con la disponibilidad de nueva información.  Fuente, DANE
EMS - Quarterly Clinical Measures - Stroke Alert
This table contains data describing ATCEMS management of stroke alert patients.
CPS 3.2 in Substitute Care on August 31 by Placement Type with Demographics FY2010-2019
Children in the Custody of the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services (DFPS)- All children for whom DFPS legal responsibility through court ordered temporary or permanent managing conservatorship or other court ordered legal basis. These children may be residing in substitute care or may be living with a parent, referred to as a trial home visit. DFPS legal responsibility terminates when a court orders DFPS custody ended or a youth turns 18, whichever comes first.   Substitute care - all children who are living in a DFPS out of home placement. It does not include children in DFPS custody who are living with a parent on a return and monitor. Unless otherwise noted, it does include youth over 18 who are in extended foster care but are not in DFPS custody.   Kinship care- a subset of substitute care that includes all children in DFPS custody who are living with a legal or blood relative or other individual who has a significant relationship with the child or the child's family known as "fictive kin."   Foster care  - all children in DFPS custody living in a placement that has been verified to provide 24-hour residential care for a child, in accordance with Chapter 42 of the Human Resources Code and related regulations. These placements include foster homes, including kinship care where the caregiver has been verified, general residential operations (GRO), emergency shelters, residential treatment centers (RTC), and juvenile facilities.  Paid foster care - a subset of foster care where DFPS is making foster care payments.   Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on substitute care placements and all DFPS programs
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS193
Driver Feedback Sign DFS193    Latitude: 53.490218  Longitude: -113.576302    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Quality Assurance Reporting Requirements (QARR) Health Disparities
This dataset includes Medicaid Managed Care, Commercial HMO, and Commercial PPO performance data from the Quality Assurance Reporting Requirements (QARR) by member demographic characteristics. QARR is largely based on measures of quality developed and published by the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS®). Plans are required to submit quality performance data each year. Demographic information analyzed in this report includes members’ sex, age, race/ethnicity, Medicaid aid category, cash assistance status, behavioral health conditions including serious mental illness (SMI) and substance use disorder (SUD), payer status, and region of residence. Measuring the quality of care, and the ability to measure disparities in care is an important first step to a better understanding of the underlying factors that drive differences in care among certain populations within Medicaid Managed Care, Commercial HMO, and Commercial PPO.  These data are published annually for Medicaid Managed Care in the Health Care Disparities in New York State Report and on the NYSDOH web site: https://www.health.ny.gov/health_care/managed_care/reports/
Ward Offices (Deprecated May 2015)
OUTDATED. See the current data at https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/htai-wnw4 -- List of alderman, office address, phone number, and website for all 50 Chicago wards.  This version of the data was posted 7/2/2013 and stayed live until 7/16/2015, when it was replaced with the list of aldermen inaugurated 5/18/2015, after allowing time for most office space arrangements to be finalized.
Indice-de-informacion-clasificada-y-reservada-beltran
El Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.  El índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada debe actualizarse cada vez que una información sea calificada como clasificada o reservada y cuando dicha calificación se levante, conforme a lo establecido en el mismo índice y en el Programa de Gestión Documental.  A continuación se presenta el documento que contiene el listado de la información clasificada como reservada y/o clasificada en el Archivo Municipal de acuerdo a lo estipulado en la ley 1712 del 2014 (Ley de transparencia).
Panamax Bulk Fleet Size and Rates
This data shows the Panamax vessel fleet size over time and ocean freight rates for shipping a  metric ton of grain from the U.S. Gulf and Pacific Northwest to Japan.
Building and Zoning - Building, Plumbing, And Electrical Permits Applied For - Fiscal Year 2005 through part of Fiscal Year 2011
Building, Plumbing, And Electrical Permits Applied For by Township covering Fiscal Year 2005 through part of Fiscal Year 2011. Data last updated September 27, 2011
Nephi City Police & Crime Data
Nephi City police and crime data.
Activos de Información Subred Centro Oriente E.S.E
Listado de Activos de información definidos para la Subred Integrada de servicios de salud Centro Oriente ESE
AFSC/RACE/GAP: RACEBASE Database: Haul Table
The core function of the Resource Assessment and Conservation Engineering (RACE) Division is to conduct quantitative fishery surveys and related ecological and oceanographic research to measure and describe the distribution and abundance of commercially important fish and crab stocks in the eastern Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, Gulf of Alaska, and, historically, the West Coast.The survey data are stored in a database called RACEBASE. It serves as the repository for both raw and summary data collected from the surveys dating from 1953 to present. It does not hold stream data.
Saravena Arauca Eventos Salud Publica 2018
Consolidado de eventos de salud publica del Municipio de Saravena.
Areas protegidas del Departamento de Sucre
Se muestran las áreas protegidas por el Departamento según el municipio donde están ubicadas
Mowing Schedules
This dataset provides data about the city’s mowing schedule that is managed by the Bureau of Parks & Forestry Operations.  Mowing locations include medians, parks, schools, vacant lots, and various other city properties.    This dataset begins in Fall 2019 and will include three years of data.  The schedule is updated during three growing seasons: Spring (updated at the beginning of March), Summer (updated at the beginning of June) and Fall (updated at the beginning of September). Please note: all scheduled dates are subject to change based on weather.
Lottery NY Lotto Winning Numbers: Beginning 2001
Go to http://on.ny.gov/1BbsR6n on the New York Lottery website for past NY Lotto results and payouts.
Standardized Precipitation Evapotranspiration Index, 1895-2016
This dataset provides data at the county level for the contiguous United States. It includes monthly Standardized Precipitation Evapotranspiration Index (SPEI)  data from 1895-2016 provided by the Cooperative Institute for Climate and Satellites - North Carolina. Please refer to the metadata attachment for more information.    These data are used by the CDC's National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network to generate drought measures. Learn more about drought on the Tracking Network's website: https://ephtracking.cdc.gov/showDroughtLanding.    By using these data, you signify your agreement to comply with the following requirements:   1.	Use the data for statistical reporting and analysis only.   2.	Do not attempt to learn the identity of any person included in the data and do not combine these data with other data for the purpose of matching records to identify individuals.   3.	Do not disclose of or make use of the identity of any person or establishment discovered inadvertently and report the discovery to: trackingsupport@cdc.gov.   4.	Do not imply or state, either in written or oral form, that interpretations based on the data are those of the original data sources and CDC unless the data user and data source are formally collaborating.   5.	Acknowledge, in all reports or presentations based on these data, the original source of the data and CDC.   6.	Suggested citation: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network. Web. Accessed: insert date. www.cdc.gov/ephtracking.     Problems or Questions?   Email trackingsupport@cdc.gov.
Gonorrhea Incidence rate (per 100,000) among females under 30 years old: New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010 / 2016
Rate:  Newly reported cases of gonorrhea per 100,000 female population  under 30 years of age.  Definition: (2016) Rate of newly reported gonorrhea cases among women under 30 years old (per 100,000 males) by date of diagnosis.  NOTE - this indicator was modified during the HNJ2020 Midcourse Review process in 2016.  Previous Definition: (2010-2015) Rate of newly reported gonorrhea cases among women ages 15-44 years old (per 100,000 females) by date of diagnosis   Data Sources: Division of HIV/AIDS, STD and TB Services, New Jersey Department of Health
SITIOS TURÍSTICOS MANÍ CASANARE
Infomacion basica de los sitios turisticos del Municipio de Mani Casanare
Municipal Expenditures By Category – Fiscal Year 2010
Percentages of municipalities' expenditures towards general government, public safety, public works, health and social services, education and libraries, parks and recreation, and debt service -- broken out by county. Source: Local Government Finances Fiscal 2010 (Department of Legislative Services), via Overview of Maryland Local Governments Finances and Demographic Information (Department of Legislative Services, 2012. Link: http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/pubs/budgetfiscal/2012-local-government-finances-demographics.pdf)
COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES RESTAURANT AND MARKET INSPECTIONS
This dataset contains Environmental Health Inspection Results for Restaurants and Markets in Los Angeles County. Los Angeles County Environmental Health is responsible for inspections and enforcement activities for all unincorporated areas and 85 of the 88 cities in the County. This dataset does not include Pasadena, Long Beach or Vernon (each has its own city health department).   Each row represents one inspection result.  The Serial Number is the primary key to access/review the violations (Violations Dataset) associated with a particular inspection.
Vive Labs Capacitados
Espacios donde se facilitan herramientas tecnológicas y se brindan capacitaciones para realizar actividades de emprendimiento digital enfocados en aplicaciones y contenidos digitales. Buscan continuar con la estrategia nacional para el fortalecimiento y promoción de contenidos digitales.
LA County Energy Consumption (2010-2017)
Data for electricity, gasoline/diesel and power generation collected and presented at the county level. In-county Southern California Edison retail sales based on difference between reported retail sales for LA County and the sum of retail sales for utilities operating in LA County, excluding Southern California Edison.
Uniform Crime Reporting System Arrests 2013
Arrests are the number of persons arrested, cited or summoned for all criminal acts in Part I and Part II Crimes
Veteran Farmer Gender
<p>These spreadsheets contain the percent of Veteran farmers and dairymen  by county for the state of California.</p>
Permit Inspections - Master Dataset
All Permit Inspections performed by the City of College Station since 2010.
Internal Employee Survey
Elevate KC Employee Survey
Sockeye Radiotelemetry Detections in the Columbia and Snake River Basins
InPort Dataset ID: 18582 InPort Entity ID: 36791 This table contains information about sockeye salmon radiotelemetry detections in the Columbia and Snake River basins.
Tacoma Venue & Events Performance Management Data
This data set provides information regarding Tacoma Venue & Event's performance measures including: Capital Infrastructure Investment, Events in TVE Facilities, and Customer Satisfaction.
Uniform Crime Reporting System Offenses By Department 2015
The Uniform Crime Reporting Program measures the extent, fluctuation and distribution of crime throughout the United States. After counting Crime Index offenses reported, minus any unfounded complaints, contributors provide the number of “actual offenses” and the number of crimes cleared. For a criminal offense to be “cleared,” either of the following situations must prevail: (1) at least one person is arrested, charged, and turned over to the court for prosecution; or (2) some element beyond police control precludes the physical arrest of the offender (e.g., death of offender, victim refuses to cooperate, confession by offender already in police custody), resulting in the offense being cleared by “exceptional means.” Contributing agencies also include data on the value of property stolen and recovered in connection with the reported offenses, plus specific information regarding homicides, officers assaulted and arson.
Finance Investment Returns
This dataset contains Finance' investment return ratings
Local Mental Health Programs
Includes programs that are licensed by the Office of Mental Health (OMH) and programs that are funded by OMH but do not need a license to operate.
GIS Open Data Inspector (GODI) - Datasets
Data record audit of feature classes within the MD iMAP spatial database.
Publicaciones_E_Interacciones_Campaña_#Activados
A través de la campaña #Activados se realizó un ejercicio de participación para conocer el significado que tiene para los colombianos la frase "impulsado por el ciudadano".
Housing Starts 1996 - June 30, 2020
This table includes residential building permits issued from 1996 through June 30, 2020. Each listing includes the permitted address, map-lot parcel identification number, Cambridge neighborhood, prior use, permitted use, number of permitted units, and number of units lost or gained,   The date reflects the year during which a building permit was first issued for a development project. This is not an indication of the date of completion. This list only includes projects that removed an existing building, constructed a new building or combined or split units within an existing structure.  Major rehabilitation projects that did not change a structures unit count are not included here. All data is subject to revision.  Data sources include the Cambridge Assessing Department, the Cambridge Development Log, and the Cambridge Inspection Services Department.
Wyoming CV Pilot Traveler Information Message Sample (Schema Version 6)
This dataset contains a sample of the broadcast Traveler Information Messages (TIM) being generated by the Wyoming Connected Vehicle (CV) Pilot. This dataset only contains SchemaVersion 6 TIM sample data from December 18, 2018 to present. It is updated hourly and will hold up to 3 million of the most recent TIM records.  </n></n> The Schema Version 6 data is described further <a href="https://github.com/usdot-its-jpo-data-portal/sandbox/wiki/DTG-WYDOT-Traveler-Information-Message-(TIM)-Schema-Version-6-Change-Notice" target="_blank">here</a>. For sample  TIM data prior to December 18, 2018, please refer to the <a href="https://data.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Wyoming-CV-Pilot-Traveler-Information-Message-Samp/2rdx-wgpx" target="_blank">Schema Version 5 dataset</a>. The full set of TIMs can be found in the <a href="http://usdot-its-cvpilot-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html" target="_blank" >ITS Sandbox</a>.
SERVICIOS OFERTADOS RED DE SALUD DEL CENTRO ESE POR SEDE
La base de datos contiene los servicios ofertados por cada sede que conforma la Red de Salud del Centro ESE
CONCEJALES DEL MUNICIPIO DE SANTA ROSALIA VICHADA
Información oficial de cada uno de los concejales electos del municipio de Santa Rosalia Vichada, vigencia 2016 - 2019.
Indice de información reservada y  clasificada INDEPORTES QUINDIO
El Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.   El índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada debe actualizarse cada vez que una información sea calificada como clasificada o reservada y cuando dicha calificación se levante, conforme a lo establecido en el mismo índice y en el Programa de Gestión Documental.   A continuación se presenta el documento que contiene el listado de la información clasificada como reservada y/o clasificada en el Archivo General de la Nación de acuerdo a lo estipulado en la ley 1712 del 2014 (Ley de transparencia)
Assessor's Office Secured Tax Roll - 2017/2018
Assessor's Office Secured Roll for 2017/2018.  Secured Roll file with ownership names redacted:  Assessed property values for the Alameda County residential and commercial properties as of July 1, 2017.
Target Reserves Prevailing Metric
Tracks the City's 8-Year General Fund reserve goal
Cuencas Hidrograficas muestreo caudales Corpoboyacá 2018
Cuencas Hidrograficas muestreo caudales Corpoboyacá 2018
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN ALCALDIA DE MACEO ANTIOQUIA
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN ALCALDIA DE MACEO ANTIOQUIA
Estado de resultados Gobernación de Antioquia desde 2014
Cuentas de clase y grupo del Estado de Resultados de la Gobernación de Antioquia. Saldos finales en pesos de cada año desde 2014. Se actualiza cada año con los datos del año anterior.
Outpatient and Ambulatory Surgery Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (OAS CAHPS) survey for hospital outpatient departments - State
A list of the state averages for the OAS CAHPS Survey responses. The OAS CAHPS survey collects information about patients’ experiences of care in hospital outpatient departments (HOPDs) and ambulatory surgical centers (ASCs).
Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Low Nitrogen Environment in Agua Fria: Section 3
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the third spreadsheet of six in the Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Low Nitrogen Environment in Agua Fria.
Salaries:Oregon Lottery Payroll Report: As of June 30, 2014
Salaries of Oregon Lottery work force
CODE ENFORCEMENT VIOLATIONS
Open and Closed Code Enforcement Violations to Current Date.
Equity Indicators Ratio-to-Score Conversion
The standard approach for scoring Indicators is to calculate the ratio between the outcomes for the least and most advantaged racial/ethnic groups. This ratio is then converted to an Equity Score using a standard algorithm developed by CUNY ISLG. Scores are on a scale from 1 to 100, with 1 representing the highest possible inequity and 100 representing highest possible equity.
CONSOLIDADO PARA PUBLICAR DE EMPLEADOS DE LA ADMINISTRACIÓN MUNICIPAL
Tabla de personal que trabaja en la Administración Municipal
Oportunidad de Asignación De Citas Diciembre 2018
Este conjunto de datos muestra la oportunidad de asignación de citas de la E.S.E. Hospital San Rafael de Tunja
OD0003 Pesticide Analysis For Stream Sediment
This data set provides pesticide sample analyses results for stream sediment samples for the province’s Pesticide Monitoring Program. The sampling includes sampling a total of nine rivers across PEI, with three of the rivers being sampled each year.    Sediment samples are collected once in July, twice in August (once during a normal/dry weather and once during wet weather), and once in September. The two samples in July and September are collected during dry weather.    Sediment sampling involves Department staff collecting sediment from the stream bed of the site, using a small shovel.  Samples are then sent to a laboratory for analysis.    These samples are collected in the same rivers as the Stream Water and the Finfish/Shellfish Pesticide datasets.
Budget Expenditure Detail FY17 - 21
This dataset contains the line-item detail for the 2017-21 expenditure budget
Archived 2016 Public Meetings
This data set includes all public meetings that were posted to the Transparency website by State of Oregon agencies, boards, commissions and ESD's from January 1. 2016 through December 31, 2016. The meetings are sorted by date. For more information about Public Meetings Calendars go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/PublicMeetingNotices.aspx
Chinook Salmon Egg to Fry Survival Development and Number of Redds
InPort Dataset ID: 17863 InPort Entity ID: 35547 Chinook salmon egg to fry survival, development, and number of redds.
2012 Final ADT Counts for the Town Road Network
2012 Final ADT Counts for the Town Road Network as of 05-29-13  Additional Info:    Additional information is available on the Department of Transportation Website at http://www.ct.gov/dot/lib/dot/documents/dpolicy/traflog/TrafficLog12.pdf
NYC Covered Building's List (2018)
The covered building list identifies properties required to comply with Local Law 84: Benchmarking.
Medicare Home Health Agency (HHA) HHRG by State Aggregate Report, CY 2014
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Home Health Agency Utilization and Payment Public Use File, with information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries by home health agencies.  This table contains information on utilization and payment organized by state and home health resource group (HHRG).
Reclamaciones Llaves de Contención Agua Potable 2019
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE LLAVES DE CONTENCIÓN DE AGUA POTABLE
SHL Vehicles – LPEP Provider
This list contains information on LPEP providers that are authorized for NYC TLC licensed SHL vehicles.
126- FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 3.1
SCD Performance Metrics Objective 3.1- Preservation of acres of agricultural land in the County, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Daily PM 25 Pollution Emissions Utah 2000
Available State-wide annual daily inventories of air pollutant emissions (PM25) are summarized in this data set. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 15 Minute Intervals: 2018 Q1
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Long: Data from: Effects of Ocean Acidification on Juvenile Red King Crab (Paralithodes camtschaticus) and Tanner Crab (Chionoecetes bairdi) Growth, Condition, Calcification, and Survival
This data set is the results of a laboratory experiment. Juvenile red king crab and Tanner crab were reared in individual containers for nearly 200 days in flowing control (pH 8.0), pH 7.8, and pH 7.5 seawater at ambient temperatures (range 4.4-11.9 C). Survival, growth, and morphology were measured throughout the experiment. At the end of the experiment, calcium concentration was measured in each crab and the dry mass and condition index of each crab were determined.
iNVENTARIO aLCALDIA MUNICIPAL TOTA
Conozca el inventario de muebles de nuestra alcaldia.
Department of Revenue Services Tax Credits Carried Forward from FY 2014-15 Filings
Tax Credits Carried Forward from FY 2014-15 Filings (July 1, 2014 through June 30, 2015)
Health Opportunity Index
The Virginia Health Opportunity Index (HOI) is a group of indicators that provide broad insight into the overall opportunity Virginians have to live long and healthy lives based on the Social Determinants of Health. It is a hierarchical index that allows users to examine social determinants of health at multiple levels of detail in Virginia. It is made up of over 30 variables, combined into 13 indicators, grouped into four profiles, which are aggregated into a single Health Opportunity Index. For more information visualizations visit: https://apps.vdh.virginia.gov/omhhe/hoi/
Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) Claims by Credit Type and Place of Residence: Beginning Tax Year 1994
The Department of Taxation and Finance (the Department) annually publishes statistical information on the New York State earned income tax credit (EITC). This includes data on the separate New York City EITC and the New York State noncustodial parent EITC. Summary data are presented for all taxpayers which includes full-year New York state residents, part-year residents and nonresidents (where applicable). Data are shown for the total number of claimants and credit claimed by county and/or region for all filing statuses.
Matrícula establecimientos educativos oficiales y no oficiales Municipio de Medellín 2017
Este instrumento permite conocer la cantidad de estudiantes atendidos en los diferentes establecimientos educativos de la ciudad de Medellín, en los diferentes grados que comprenden la educación formal
DART Bus Schedules
This contains all the routes, stop location, stop times, and trip information for all DART bus routes.
Ejecución Presupuestal ITFIP
Documento que registra el aseguramiento de los recursos financieros del ITFIP
Health_5800P_# of Days to Get IHSS Services_IHS1
Number of Days it Takes to Get IHSS Services
Media Releases - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the January 2016 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=781&as=xO8PE4P0eW&t=1. Open from January 11 - 19, 2016. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 4255 Insight Community Members. 1647 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 39%. A total of 1698 respondents completed the survey: 1647 Insight Community Members and 51 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Cemeteries in Iowa
This dataset provides a point location of Iowa Historic Cemeteries. Originally it was based on an Iowa DNR point file marking cemetery locations as found on 7.5 min. USGS quad maps.  Additional cemeteries have been added over the years and continue to be added as identified.
Outcome Measures – PPS-Exempt Cancer Hospital – Hospital
This dataset evaluates the percentage of patients who are receiving PCH-based outpatient chemotherapy treatment for all cancer types except leukemia who were admitted to the hospital or visited the emergency department for one of 10 conditions within 30 days after treatment.
IDB IATI Dataset - Transactions
This dataset provides sovereign guaranteed (SG) loan transactions that IDB is publishing through the International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI). Consistent with our IATI reporting and the requirements of the IATI standard, this dataset includes only SG loan and guarantee operations approved since 2004 which are currently in execution or repayment and for which a disbursement expiration date has been established. When available, information is presented in both English and Spanish.    For access to IDB’s complete IATI datasets in .xml form, visit www.iatiregistry.org.
Government Immunities Act Contact List
A list of Government Immunity Act primary points of contact for city and county entities.
Preterm Births
Basic Metadata Note: The Preterm percentage is the proportion of live births that were preterm divided by the number of live births with known length of gestation, by geography. Preterm birth refers to birth prior to 37 completed weeks of gestation.  **Blank Cells: Percentages not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Percentages not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Sources: State of California, Department of Public Health, Center for Health Statistics and Informatics, Birth Statistical Master Files and Birth Public Use Files. County of San Diego, Health and Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Maternal, Child and Family Health Services (MCFHS).  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx  Interpretation: "3% of births in Geography X were preterm births".
PDRs Prior to using "City of Seattle Public Records Request Center"
PDRs Prior to using "City of Seattle Public Records Request Center"
Spending (DEV2)
Spending (DEV2/NBE)
Provide Information - Socrata Upload
Data for the Performance Seattle tile 'Provide Information on Seattle Government and Programs."
Base De Datos Egresados 2017
Base de datos de las personas que están en calidad de egresados, que cumplieron con todos los requisitos académicos para graduarse de alguna de las carreras técnicas profesionales que se han impartido en la institución.
Data for Efficacy of Stainless Steel Disinfection (E. coli)
In the 2014 West African Ebola outbreak, international organizations provided conflicting recommendations for disinfecting surfaces contaminated by uncontrolled patient spills. We compared the efficacy of four chlorine solutions (sodium hypochlorite, sodium dichloroisocyanurate, high ­test hypochlorite, and generated hypochlorite) for disinfection of three surface types (stainless steel, heavy duty tarp, and nitrile), with and without pre­cleaning practices (pre­wiping and/or covering) and soil load. The test organisms were E. coli and the Ebola surrogate Phi6. All tests achieved a minimum of 5.9­ and 3.1­log removal in E. coli and Phi6, respectively. A 15­-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine was sufficient to ensure less than 8 Phi6 PFU/cm2 in all tests. While chlorine types were equally efficacious with and without soil load, variation was seen by surface type. Wiping did not increase disinfection efficacy, and is not recommended as it generates infectious waste. Covering spills decreased disinfection efficacy against E. coli on heavy ­duty tarp but does prevent splashing, which is critical in Ebola contexts. Our results support the recommendation of a 15-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine, independently of chlorine type, surface, pre­-cleaning practices, and organic matter, as an efficacious measure to interrupt disease transmission from uncontrolled spills in Ebola outbreaks.
Registro de Activos de Información - Santa Rosa de Cabal - Risaralda
Información en custodia de la Alcaldía Municipal de Santa Rosa de Cabal
State Executive Branch Positions and Wages as of July 1 2013
Department of Human Resources Development’s (DHRD) database only has information about State Executive Branch employees of the departments listed below:    Accounting & General Services  Agriculture   Attorney General  Budget & Finance  Business, Economic Development & Tourism  Commerce & Consumer Affairs  Defense	  Hawaiian Home Lands  Health  Human Resources Development  Human Services  Labor & Industrial Relations  Land & Natural Resources  Public Safety  Taxation  Transportation  and Hawaii Public Libraries System
Inspección, Vigilancia y Control Sanitario de Alimentos 2017
Lista de Establecimientos y sus Respectivos Resultados Respecto al Inspección, Vigilancia y Control Sanitario en el Año 2017
Pediatric Hospital Inpatient Sepsis Performance Measures by Facility: 2015 and 2016
Sepsis is defined as a clinical syndrome in which patients have an infection that is accompanied by an extreme systemic response. Sepsis of sufficient severity that the function of major organ systems in the body (such as heart, kidney, brain, and others) is impaired is referred to as “severe sepsis.” Patients with severe sepsis that have continued organ system impairment and/or low blood pressure that does not respond to treatment with adequate fluid replacement are considered to be in “septic shock.”  The combination of early detection of sepsis coupled with timely, appropriate interventions can significantly improve the chances of survival for patients with all types of sepsis.    The datasets contain hospital-level treatment measures for pediatric (age < 18) patients with a diagnosis of severe sepsis or septic shock seen at New York State Article 28 (acute care) facilities and reported to the New York State Department of Health in 2015 and 2016.    The treatment measures are presented by hospital.  Only hospital level measure data for which there were at least ten cases in the denominator is reported.  Statewide measures are calculated using all hospitals, regardless of the number of sepsis cases treated.
INFORMACION AUDITORIAS 2016
AUDITORIAS REALIZADAS EN LA VIGENCIA 2016, POR LA CONTRALORIA GENERAL DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE LA GUAJIRA A LOS SUJETOS DE CONTROL DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE LA GUAJIRA
CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR URGENCIAS - ABRIL 2019
CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR URGENCIAS PARA EL MES DE ABRIL DE 2019
Directorio de sitios y construcciones de interés turístico del Centro Histórico del Municipio de Guadalajara de Buga Red de Pueblos Patrimonio / Directory of sites and constructions of tourist interest of the Historical Center of the Municipality of Guada
Información Básica de los sitios y construcciones de interés turístico que hacen parte del Sector Histórico y de la Red de Pueblos Patrimonio del Municipio de Guadalajara de Buga. / Basic information of the sites and buildings of tourist interest that are part of the Historical Sector and the Network of Heritage Towns of the Municipality of Guadalajara de Buga
Veterans Health Administration Behavioral Health Data
A list of VHA hospitals with behavioral health measure data. VHA reports data on a set of core performance measures for Hospital-Based Inpatient Psychiatric Services (HBIPS), Substance Use, and Tobacco Treatment.
Sustainability Indicators (2012)
The sustainability indicators are used by the Mayor's Office of Long-Term Planning and Sustainability to track the progress of the PlaNYC program.
Arrests Presented and Prosecutions
This dataset includes information on all arrests presented to the San Francisco District Attorney for Rebooking. You can find more information on the Rebooking process here: https://sfdistrictattorney.org/arrests-presented-and-prosecutions  This dataset includes information on all arrests presented except for a small selection of infrequent or inactive disposition codes, as well as those cases that have been sealed or expunged due to record clearance protocols
[Testing] SFMTA - Enforced Temporary Tow Zones
Test data only
Hawaii Public Schools
Data about all public schools in Hawaii
FMTABM
Account numbers and classifications as found in the Charles County data warehouse.
DOP Juvenile Supervision Passthrough by Calendar Year
The sum of: the number of cases on the first day of the reporting period, and all cases added during the reporting period
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE JULIO 2019
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE JULIO 2019 AGENCIA NACIONAL DE INFRAESTRUCTURA
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-DominicanRepublic, 2012 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Dominican Republic as part of its 2012 round of surveys.  The 2012 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and the field work was carried out by Gallup Dominican Republic, S.A.
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Complaints Utah 2013-14
These are complaints received to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau about financial products and services in Utah.
Utah Toxic Release Inventory 1998
These files consist of the data fields most frequently requested, including: E-mail iconHave a question? Facility Name, Address, Latitude & Longitude Coordinates, SIC or NAICS codes, Chemical Identification, Classification Information, On-site Release Quantities, Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW) Transfer Quantities, Off-site Transfer Quantities for Release/Disposal, Further Waste Management, Summary Pollution Prevention Quantities ( Section 8 of the Form R ) Note: Quantities of dioxin and dioxin-like compounds are reported in grams; all other chemicals are reported in pounds.
Dumpster Licenses
This dataset contains information on dumpster licenses issued by the City of Cambridge. Dumpster Licenses are required within the City of Cambridge. They are obtained from the Inspectional Services Department. Both permanent and temporary dumpster must be licensed.
Recycling, Garbage and Yard Waste Collection Days
Collection Day based on Street Address.
New York State Executive Budget Appropriations (Non-Capital), as amended: 2020-21
This data set includes appropriation, reappropriations and workforce levels for the current State fiscal year and upcoming budget year.
Población beneficiada de cursos, capacitaciones y servicios vive digital en Castilla La Nueva
Estadísticas de los servicios, cursos y capacitaciones que se prestan en los puntos y Kiosco vive digital en el municipio de Castilla La Nueva.
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales Citywide Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of all neighborhood sales for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes Citywide.    This list includes all sales of 1-, 2-, and 3-Family Homes', whose sale price is equal to or more than $150,000. The Building Class Category for Sales is based on the Building Class at the time of the sale.
Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias (ADRD)
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - Alzheimer's Facts and Figures Report Alzheimer's Association. ICD-10CM - Alzheimer's Facts and Figures Report Alzheimer's Association. ICD-10 Mortality - Alzheimer's Facts and Figures Report Alzheimer's Association; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
DYCD after-school programs: NDA Educational Middle School Programs
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site, that offer “Neighborhood Development Area (NDA) Educational Middle School Programs” after-school  programs for children in Middle School.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of November 2018.</p>
Data - Spotlight Chart - 80% Participation Reporting Potholes & Graffiti
This data represents the percentage of total participants who have reported using the Find It, Fix It app reporting potholes & Graffiti
NCHS - Age-adjusted Death Rates for Selected Major Causes of Death
This dataset of U.S. mortality trends since 1900 highlights trends in age-adjusted death rates for five selected major causes of death.  Age-adjusted death rates (deaths per 100,000) after 1998 are calculated based on the 2000 U.S. standard population. Populations used for computing death rates for 2011–2017 are postcensal estimates based on the 2010 census, estimated as of July 1, 2010. Rates for census years are based on populations enumerated in the corresponding censuses. Rates for noncensus years between 2000 and 2010 are revised using updated intercensal population estimates and may differ from rates previously published. Data on age-adjusted death rates prior to 1999 are taken from historical data (see References below).  Revisions to the International Classification of Diseases (ICD) over time may result in discontinuities in cause-of-death trends.  SOURCES  CDC/NCHS, National Vital Statistics System, historical data, 1900-1998 (see https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/mortality_historical_data.htm); CDC/NCHS, National Vital Statistics System, mortality data (see http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/deaths.htm); and CDC WONDER (see http://wonder.cdc.gov).  REFERENCES  1. National Center for Health Statistics, Data Warehouse. Comparability of cause-of-death between ICD revisions. 2008. Available from: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/mortality/comparability_icd.htm.  2. National Center for Health Statistics. Vital statistics data available. Mortality multiple cause files. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data_access/vitalstatsonline.htm.  3. Kochanek KD, Murphy SL, Xu JQ, Arias E. Deaths: Final data for 2017. National Vital Statistics Reports; vol 68 no 9. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2019. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr68/nvsr68_09-508.pdf.  4. Arias E, Xu JQ. United States life tables, 2017. National Vital Statistics Reports; vol 68 no 7. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2019. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr68/nvsr68_07-508.pdf.  5. National Center for Health Statistics. Historical Data, 1900-1998. 2009. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/mortality_historical_data.htm.
Tree canopies public realm 2018 (Urban Forest)
Tree canopy within City of Melbourne mapped using 2018 aerial photos and LiDAR. The canopy polygons represent actual tree canopy extents on  public property (land managed by the City of Melbourne) across the city. The data is considered accurate for 2018. Changes in tree canopy are expected to have occurred since that time.  Tree canopy cover is mapped by the City of Melbourne annually.
All 9% Reservations August 2008 - Present
All 9% Reservations/Allocations (Awards) issued from August 1, 2008 to the present.
CapMetro APC (RAW) - June 2019
This Capital Metro Automatic Passenger Counter (APC) Ridership data set is unprocessed, pure, raw, flaws and all straight from our Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) system. Capital Metro, in partnership with a third-party vendor, applies a process that reviews the data to determine the validity and flags various elements to ensure final reported data has any bad elements excluded. Utilizing this data without applying your own methods to remove errors WILL NOT produce results corresponding to the published Ridership Reports.  https://www.capmetro.org/facts/#!  Field Descriptions: apc_date_time 'apc_date_time' is a date field describing the date on which the vehicle data was collected. The date comes from the System Date in the Data Logging files.  day_type_vs 'day_type_vs' is an identification number for both the day of the week and the schedule number for that day for vehicle schedules. It matches the id field in the day_type_vs table.  vehicle_id 'vehicle_id' is a numeric key which identifies the vehicle that was picking up and dropping off passengers. The valid range is 1 to 65,535. This is a soft key to the 'vehicle' table.  route_id 'route_id' is a foreign key field to the route table. Valid “route_id” are numbers between 1 and 65,535. Combined with the 'block_id' field, it is the primary key of the 'block' table. This is a static field defined upon record creation.  block_id 'block_id' is the block identification number assigned that uniquely defines a particular route/block combination. A block usually identifies a unique schedule from other blocks upon a common primary route. Valid values for the “block_id” are between 1 and 999,999. Combined with the 'route_id' field, it is the primary key of the 'block' table.  current_route_id The 'current_route_id' is the trip route for a specified entry.  direction_code_id 'direction_code_id' is a primary key field that identifies the route direction associated with the route path. Combined with the 'route_id' and 'variation' fields, it defines a unique path for route directions. It is obtained by consulting the apattern_id reported by the vehicle against the apattern table. It is also a software foreign key to the 'direction_codes' table.  variation 'variation' is a primary key field that differentiates a route path from others on the same route and direction. Combined with the 'route_id' and 'direction_code_id' fields, it defines a unique path for route directions. It is obtained by consulting the apattern_id reported by the vehicle against the apattern table.  start_trip_time 'start_trip_time' is a timestamp that equals the scheduled time associated to the first timepoint of the trip. The date portion of the timestamp is not used.  actual_sequence 'actual_sequence' is the numeric ordering of door events/logons/trips collected in the vehicle data logging files. This is the actual sequence, not the scheduled sequence of bus stops as in the 'bus_stop_pattern' table.  bs_id 'bs_id' is the bus stop identification number assigned to a particular geographical bus stop within a service region. It may be matched against bs_id field in the bus_stop_data table, along with other items, to acquire detailed information about a stop.  import_error 'import_error' is a software foreign key to the 'apc_error_types' table. The 'apc_error_types' table describes the types of errors, if any, detected in correlating this door event.  garage_id 'garage_id' is the division assigned to this route/block.  transit_date_time 'transit_date_time' is the day of the month associated to the schedule being used on the vehicle. For a given date/time, the transit day would be the same day or the day before. The transit day will be the day before in the early morning time periods.  run_id 'run_id' is the run number that the target is logged onto. If the vehicle is logged off, this will be zero.  operator_id 'operator_id' is the driver logged on when the APC data was collected. If the vehicle is logged off this will b
NNDSS - Table II. Salmonellosis (excluding typhoid fever and paratyphoid fever) to Shigellosis
NNDSS - Table II. Salmonellosis (excluding typhoid fever and paratyphoid fever) to Shigellosis - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states or territory.    Note:    This table contains provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:    C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA:  Not Available.  NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. FoFor further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.      † Prior to 2018, cases of paratyphoid fever were included as salmonellosis, but beginning in 2018 they are being published as paratyphoid fever (see Table 1).
Array of Things Locations
Locations of Array of Things sensor nodes.  For more information on the Array of Things project, see https://arrayofthings.github.io.
Reunifications by SFY, DCF Office, Gender and Length of Stay
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of children that exited DCF care to be Reunified with a parent/guardian from whom they had been removed.  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, by their Gender, and by whether they had been Reunified within 12 months of their entry to care or not.  It would be appropriate to roll up the data from all variables across multiple time periods, as they represent specific events in the lives of these children.  Please note that these figures do not represent unique children, and so should not be used as the basis for creating a rate based on the child population of the state.  These data form the basis of measurement for the Juan F. Consent Decree Exit Plan Outcome #7: Reunification Within 12 Months, although those figures are reported to the DCF Court Monitor on a quarterly rather than annual schedule.
CJFJC - Satisfied with Services
Survivors report being satisfied with services they have received from the CJFJC
Listing of Active Businesses
Listing of all active businesses currently registered with the Office of Finance. An "active" business is defined as a registered business whose owner has not notified the Office of Finance of a cease of business operations. Update Interval: Monthly.  NAICS Codes are from 2007 NAICS: https://www.census.gov/cgi-bin/sssd/naics/naicsrch?chart=2007
NYC Parks Monuments
This data is table of monuments that is maintained by NYC Parks. Prior to being stored electronically the original data was stored on index cards dating back to the 1940s. The database is updated periodically to include new monuments, and information updated for existing monuments. For questions about the dataset please contact Parks’ Art & Antiquities division at (212) 360-8143.    For the data dictionary, please follow <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YPLkiqZnifXhp6lZftSHTpGYSJ5NkIl-nGfwJAdD3P0/edit?usp=sharing"> this link</a>.
Iowa Fleet Summary By Year, County And Vehicle Type
The dataset provides vehicle (both motor vehicle and trailer) registration numbers and annual fees in Iowa by year, county and vehicle types.  Vehicle types include: Autocycle, Automobile, Bus, Moped, Motor Home - A, Motor Home - B, Motor Home - C, Motorcycle, Multi-purpose, Regular Trailer, Semi Trailer, Small Regular Trailer, Small Semi Trailer, Truck Tractor, Travel Trailer, Truck, Truck - Business Trade, and Truck - Weight and List.
Gross Withdrawals and Production of Natural Gas by State T4.3 2012
Gross Withdrawals and Production of Natural Gas by State T4.3 2012
Relación de Estudios y Diseños en el Departamento de Risaralda
Estudios y Diseños con que cuenta la Secretaria de Infraestructura
State And Local Government Finances From Census 2013
This data set contains County government finances as reported to the US Dept of Census for 2013.
Cases Filed 2015
Total Cases Filed with the Department of City Planning for the Year 2015.
ENERGY STAR Certified Boilers
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 3.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Boilers that are effective as of October 1, 2014. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/heating_cooling/boilers.
Innovation Office FY 2016 Feedback Survey Responses
Responses to the Innovation Office's FY 2016 survey asking clients and colleagues for feedback. Responses are based on all projects and events the Innovation Office contributed to between October 1, 2015 - September 30, 2016.
Listado Entidades Sector Solidario 02 Mar 2017
Listado de las entidades vigiladas por la Superintendencia de Economía Solidaria, con información de la fecha del último reporte de Estados Financieros
Cases of West Nile Virus by Age Group & Gender: Colorado, 2012
Cases of West Nile Virus by Age Group & Gender
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH30 B124 POST-VIETNAM ERA VETERANS’ EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE NOV2018
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM to provide educational assistance to persons entering the Armed Forces after December 31, 1976, and before July 1, 1985; to assist persons in obtaining an education they might otherwise not be able to afford; and to promote and assist the all volunteer military program of the United States by attracting qualified persons to serve in the Armed Forces. The participant must have entered on active duty on or after January 1, 1977, and before July 1, 1985, and either served on active duty for more than 180 continuous days receiving an other than dishonorable discharge, or have been discharged after January, 1, 1977 because of a service-connected disability. Also eligible are participants who serve for more than 180 days and who continue on active duty and have completed their first period of obligated service (or 6 years of active duty, whichever comes first). Participants must also have satisfactorily contributed to the program. (Satisfactory contribution consists of monthly deduction of $25 to $100 from military pay, up to a maximum of $2,700, for deposit in a special training fund.) Participants may make lump-sum contributions. No individuals on active duty in the Armed Forces may initially begin contributing to this program after March 31, 1987.</p>
Open Space and Land Use 1
Number of acres of public open space (including parks, public gathering places, and other public lands utilized as open space)
WIC Program Administrative Costs By State 2010-2014
WIC Program Administrative Costs By State 2010-2014
Choose Maryland:  Compare Metros - Workforce
Workforce summary - employed, unemployed, and average wages.
Salaries: ESD: Southern Oregon: FY 2014
Summary of salaries for Southern Oregon ESD for Fiscal Year 2014.
Veredas Que Componen El Municipio Del Valle De San Juan
En este conjunto de datos encontrara las veredas que hacen parte del Municipio del Valle de San Juan
CorStat - Climate Action Plan Tracking
Total greenhouse gas reductions measured in CO2e measured against state measures and target goals for the City of Corona. Permits and projects are measured by the date they were applied for. Data is extracted from the City's permitting software, TRAKiT and is automatically updated and imported into CorStat on a nightly basis.  <br><br> <b>Note:</b> This dashboard and the infrastructure created to measure greenhouse gas reductions was created in April 2019.  Data used in this dashboard is grouped monthly from 01/01/2019 until 03/31/2019. From 04/01/2019, data is updated daily.
Restaurant and Food Inspections
Licensed restaurants, inspections, and violations published to the Simplified LIVES Schema available here:  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eeO5T_lt8QHGHMjpj6M9071y5OFOXcADFI4F7AIZ2iE/edit#heading=h.rjwrosiwiw5o
Edad de inicio del consumo de tabaco según sexo.
Contiene la estadística de la edad de inicio del consumo de tabaco según sexo.
Contratación Publica Contraloría General de Caldas
Contratación Publica Contraloría General de Caldas en Secop
Animal Control - Gender, by Breed - Fiscal Year 2010
For Fiscal Year 2010 a breakdown of registered animals by gender and breed
TRASLADO DESDE EL MUNICIPIO HACIA VEREDAS VECINAS
Tiempo de traslado, tipo de transporte, distancia en kilómetros desde el municipio hacia las veredas vecinas, se ve influenciada por varios factores como  el tipo de transporte utilizado, el estado de la carretera y las condiciones climáticas que afectan el acceso a las vías.
Legislated Debt Limit Used
Citizen Dashboard Measure
Publicaciones_Interacciones_campaña_#CrecerVerdeEs
Saber qué tanto saben los ciudadanos sobre Crecimiento Verde e invitarlos a que realicen el curso virtual y gratuito que lanza el DNP
Agresiones por rabia en caninos  mes de enero 2019 mun. los Patios
Agresiones por rabia en caninos mes de enero 2019 municipio los Patios
Center & Service Locations
Find a NYC Department of Small Business Services NYC Business Solutions Center, Workforce1 Career Center, or Employment Works Center. Click here to view a map- https://maps.nyc.gov/sbs/
DWR Dam Safety Non-Jurisdictional Dam
A Non-Jurisdictional Dam is a dam creating a reservoir with a capacity of 100 acre-feet or less and a surface area of 20 acres or less and with a height measured as defined in Rules 4.2.5.1 and 4.2.19 of 10 feet or less. Non-jurisdictional size dams are regulated and subject to the authority of the State Engineer consistent with sections 37- 87-102 and 37-87-105 C.R.S.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of February 2019.</p>
DIRECTORIO EMPRESARIAL TURÍSTICO PEREIRA-HOTELES
Hoteles ubicados en la ciudad de Pereira
EJECUCION DEFINITIVA INGRESOS ALCALDIA DE SINCELEJO VIGENCIA 2018
EJECUCION PRESUPUESTAL DEFINITIVA DE INGRESOS DE LA ALCALDIA MUNICIPAL DE SINCELEJO CON VIGENCIA 2018.
Trees planted or funded
Number of trees planted or funded by City programs
Heating Oil Regional Retail Prices
Connecticut Regional Retail Heating Oil Prices $/GALLON
2014-15 Transfer or Discharge Code - Grades 9-12
Local Law 42, enacted in 2011, requires the New York City Department of Education (DOE) to report to the New York City Council by June 30, 2015 the number of students in grades 9 through 12 who were discharged, transferred, or graduated during the 2014-15 school year. Discharge and Transfer Reporting for all students by transfer and/or discharge code.
PECUARIOS,INSUMOS ENTREGADOS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE CHIA 2019
DATOS PECUARIOS
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 30 DE JUNIO 2018
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 30 DE JUNIO 2018 AGENCIA NACIONAL DE INFRAESTRUCTURA
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-El Salvador, 2014 - Data
A part of the 2014 round of public opinion surveys implemented by LAPOP, the El Salvador survey was carried out between March 28th and April 30th of 2014.  It is a follow-up of the national surveys since 1991.  The 2014 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and FUNDAUNGO. The 2014 AmericasBarometer received generous support from many sources, including USAID, UNDP, IADB, Vanderbilt U., Princeton U., Université Laval, U. of Notre Dame, among others.
Salt Lake City Average Home Prices All Homes 1996-2015
This data set contains average Salt Lake City home prices for all types of homes from 1996-2015 by month.
Impact Evaluation of Feed the Future Cambodia HARVEST Project - Community Survey
Helping Address Rural Vulnerabilities and Ecosystem Stability (Cambodia-HARVEST) was a five-year program (2011-2016) supported under the Global Hunger and Food Security Initiative (GHFSI) and the Global Climate Change (GCC) and Biodiversity program. Cambodia-HARVEST set strategic goals to improve food security, strengthen natural resource management and resilience to climate change, and increase the capacity of the public and private sectors and civil society to support agricultural competitiveness. Implemented in four targeted provinces of Cambodia -- Kampong Thom, Siem Reap, Pursat, and Battambang -- Cambodia-HARVEST had five major components: Agribusiness Value Chains; Aquaculture and Fisheries; Natural Resource Management; Biodiversity, and Climate Change, Social Inclusion, Business Development Services; and Capacity Development. Cambodia-Harvest worked with local partners and government to initiate policy reforms and eliminate obstacles to development. This data asset enables the evaluation of the program. It is comprised of a baseline, endline and community level survey: this is the community survey.
Tarifas para los servicios que cobra la Secretaría de Movilidad y Tránsito
Tarifas para los servicios que cobra la Secretaría de Movilidad y Tránsito, para el Registro Nacional Automotor-RNA, Registro Nacional de Remolque y Semirremolques- RNRYS y Registro Nacional de Maquinaria Agrícola, Industrial y de Construcción Autopropulsada- RNNMA, Registro Nacional de Conductores- RNC.
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Schedule I - Miscellaneous Increases to Cash
This dataset includes all itemized Miscellaneous Increases to Cash ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Schedule "I" Miscellaneous Increases to Cash from 1998 to the present.The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
Petitions to the Rent Board
Petitions may be filed for a variety of reasons, most commonly to have the Rent Board determine the rent. Some of the other common petition filing grounds include: decrease in housing services, illegal increase, failure to repair and maintain, roommate proportional share of the rent, utility passthrough challenge, water passthrough challenge, violation of the Residential Hotel Visitor Policy, capital improvement passthroughs, operating and maintenance passthroughs, extension of time (to perform capital improvement work), comparable rents, intent to withdraw (Ellis), utility passthrough petition, utility passthrough worksheet, Costa-Hawkins determination, Rules and Regulations §1.21, capital improvement hardship applications, hardship applications, and Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR). Petitions are also accepted on “other” grounds. For more information, please see: http://sfrb.org/fact-sheet-5-landlord-petitions-and-passthroughs and http://sfrb.org/fact-sheet-6-tenant-petitions.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS080
Driver Feedback Sign DFS080  Latitude: 53.45953 Longitude: -113.44791  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
ITA - Number of trade agreement compliance cases resolved successfully
This indicator provides the number of successful case conclusions (usually barriers removed) in trade agreements compliance cases. The measure tends to fluctuate over time as the outcome (foreign governments agreeing to voluntarily honor trade agreement obligations) is dependent on actions by sovereign nations outside of direct United States Government control.
Per Capita Real GDP By State And NAICS 1997 2012
Per Capita Real GDP By State And NAICS 1997 2012
COVID-19 in Correctional Facilities
Summary of COVID-19 statistics for Connecticut correctional facilities including:   Total # of Staff Positive for COVID-19 Total # of Inmates Pos. for COVID-19 COVID-19 Pos. Inmates Housed at Northern CI Medical Isolation Unit COVID-19 Pos. Staff Returned to Work Total # of Inmates Medically Cleared Total # of COVID-19 Pos. Inmate Deaths  More information can be found on the DOC website: https://portal.ct.gov/DOC/Common-Elements/Common-Elements/Health-Information-and-Advisories  Data will be updated every weekday.  Additional notes: The data on 7/15 reflects a decrease in the number of inmates testing positive for COVID-19 and those who have recovered; this decrease was due to an internal data audit that led to the removal of some duplicate information.   The data on 6/2/2020 reflects an increase in the number of inmates who had been medically cleared; this increase was the result of 146 asymptomatic positive inmates who had completed a 14-day isolation period.
Chicago Park District: Movies in the Parks 2016
List of all Movies in the Parks events. This list is a one-time upload and cancellations will not be updated. Please visit the Chicago Park District website or call the Movies in the Parks hotline at 312-742-1134 to check for cancellations due to weather.
Actual Homeless HOUSEHOLDS In Salt Lake County 2011-2014
This data set contains a count of total homeless households in Salt Lake County from 2011 - 2014.
Spotlight - Pothole & Graffiti Reports
2014-2016 Comparison Report
Farm Plots Survey for Agriculture for Children Empowerment (ACE) in Liberia- Harvest Baseline Dataset
The STRIVE project, funded by USAID's Displaced Children and Orphans Fund (DCOF) and managed by FHI 360, used market-led economic strengthening initiatives to improve the well-being of vulnerable children. Through STRIVE, ACDI/VOCA  implemented the Agriculture for Children’s Empowerment (ACE) Project in Liberia, which is founded on the premise that increased household economic security will stimulate more consistent investments in children’s well being via longer term social investments in education and nutrition.  ACE’s primary focus was on the horticulture value chain (VC) — the production and marketing of vegetables by smallholder farmers in Montserrado, Bong, and Nimba counties of Liberia. ACE also strengthened smallholder rice farming to increase household food security using a market-sensitive approach to rice seed lending and cultivation.    This dataset contains information about each plot the household owns, their size, the crops grown on them, and the methods used to grow plants on those plots.
Temperaturas Medias
Volumen de Temperaturas Medias obtenido en la red de estaciones climatológicas de la Corporación Autónoma Regional de Cundinamarca - CAR.
Inmate Admissions
Inmate admissions with attributes (race, gender, legal status, top charge). This data set excludes Sealed Cases. Resulting summaries may differ slightly from other published statistics.
Jun 2014 - May 2015
PRR 16824
4740B_Construction Services
Performance measures dataset
Real Estate Salespersons with Associated Broker
All actively licensed salespersons with the associated Real Estate Broker
Discretionary Planning Applications - Parcels
Parcels associated to discretionary planning applications in San Diego County Planning and Development Services since 2005 (updated daily).
AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Flatfish Catch
Flatfish catch and effort data collected by observers in the United States commercial groundfish fisheries of Alaska (Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands and Gulf of Alaska, 1993-2017. Subset of the Alaska observer groundfish data, aggregating by 400km square cells and eliminating cells with less than three vessels to create a public version of the Alaska groundfish observer data.  Purpose: Allows visitors use of the aggregated observer data to create maps. These maps are designed to provide a better understanding of where groundfish are caught in the Aleutian Islands, Bering Sea and Gulf of Alaska.  Supplemental_Information: http://www.afsc.noaa.gov/FMA/fma_database.htm  Number 2 of a set of 5 files: 1. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Rockfish Catch 2. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Flatfish Catch 3. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Most fishes (excluding flatfishes and rockfishes) Catch 4. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Invertebrates Catch 5. AFSC/FMA: North Pacific Groundfish and Halibut Observer Program Fishery Statistics - Effort Statistics https://www.afsc.noaa.gov/FMA/spatial_data.htm; https://www.afsc.noaa.gov/FMA/data_availability_page.htm; https://www.afsc.noaa.gov/FMA/format.htm; https://www.afsc.noaa.gov/maps/FMA/datamap/metadata_template.php?fname=OBSweb.xml;
NNDSS - Table II. Carbapenemase-producing carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae
NNDSS - Table II. Carbapenemase-producing carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states or territory.    Note:    This table contains provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html     Footnotes:    C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA:  Not Available.  NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.      † Data for carbapenemase-producing carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CP-CRE) will be displayed in this table after the CDC obtains Office of Management and Budget Paperwork Reduction Act approval to receive data for this condition.
NCHS - Birth Rates for Unmarried Women by Age, Race, and Hispanic Origin: United States
This dataset includes birth rates for unmarried women by age group, race, and Hispanic origin in the United States since 1970.     Methods for collecting information on marital status changed over the reporting period and have been documented in:    • Ventura SJ, Bachrach CA. Nonmarital childbearing in the United States, 1940–99. National vital statistics reports; vol 48 no 16. Hyattsville, Maryland: National Center for Health Statistics. 2000. Available from: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr48/nvs48_16.pdf.  • National Center for Health Statistics. User guide to the 2013 natality public use file. Hyattsville, Maryland: National Center for Health Statistics. 2014. Available from: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data_access/VitalStatsOnline.htm.    National data on births by Hispanics origin exclude data for Louisiana, New Hampshire, and Oklahoma in 1989; for New Hampshire and Oklahoma in 1990; for New Hampshire in 1991 and 1992. Information on reporting Hispanic origin is detailed in the Technical Appendix for the 1999 public-use natality data file (see (ftp://ftp.cdc.gov/pub/Health_Statistics/NCHS/Dataset_Documentation/DVS/natality/Nat1999doc.pdf.)    All birth data by race before 1980 are based on race of the child. Starting in 1980, birth data by race are based on race of the mother.    SOURCES    CDC/NCHS, National Vital Statistics System, birth data (see http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/births.htm); public-use data files (see http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data_access/Vitalstatsonline.htm); and CDC WONDER (see http://wonder.cdc.gov/).    REFERENCES    1. Curtin SC, Ventura SJ, Martinez GM. Recent declines in nonmarital childbearing in the United States. NCHS data brief, no 162. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2014. Available from: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db162.pdf.    2. Martin JA, Hamilton BE, Osterman MJK, et al. Births: Final data for 2015. National vital statistics reports; vol 66 no 1. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2017. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr66/nvsr66_01.pdf.
Percentage of Drivers and Front Seat Passengers Wearing Seat Belts, 2012 & 2014, Region 1 - Boston
Source for 2012 national data: National Occupant Protection Use Survey (NOPUS), 2012. Source for 2014 national data: National Occupant Protection Use Survey (NOPUS), 2014.  Source for 2012 state data: State Observational Survey of Seat Belt Use, 2012. Source for 2014 state data: Seat Belt Use in 2014- Use Rates in the States and Territories
Uintah Basin Assn Of Government Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014
Uintah Basin Assn Of Government Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014
Treasurer - 2009 Scavenger Sale Registered Buyers
2009 Scavenger Sale Registered Buyers. They are registered to purchase taxes on property that have not been paid for 2 years
Chattanooga: Capital Budget
for budget.chattanooga.com
Subsidios y Contribuciones  - EPM - Acueducto y Alcantarillado
EPM publica los subsidios y contribuciones del año 2019 para el servicio de Acueducto y Alcantarillado aplicados al Área Metropolitana y el Valle de Aburrá.
Expenditures: ESD: InterMountain: Fiscal Year 2013
Expenditures for InterMountain ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
2021 Proposed Budget - Resources
2021 Proposed Budget - Resources
Check Register for Open Checkbook
Ledger level data for Open Checkbook
Building Permits: 2014 - Present
Building permits issued in the last 3 years or currently in progress.
All Payer Inpatient Quality Indicators (IQI) Area Measures by Patient County (SPARCS): Beginning 2009
The datasets contain hospital discharges counts (numerators, denominators, volume counts), observed, expected and risk-adjusted rates with corresponding 95% confidence intervals for IQIs generated using methodology developed by Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).  The IQIs are a set of measures that provide a perspective on hospital quality of care using hospital administrative data. These indicators reflect quality of care inside hospitals and include inpatient mortality for certain procedures and medical conditions; utilization of procedures for which there are questions of overuse, underuse, and misuse; and volume of procedures for which there is some evidence that a higher volume of procedures is associated with lower mortality.  All the IQI measures were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data beginning 2009. US Census data files provided by AHRQ were used to derive denominators for county level (area level) IQI measures.    The mortality, volume and utilization measures IQIs are presented by hospital as rates or counts. Area-level utilization measures are presented by county as rates.
Selected Scholarship Programs by Metric Type: Beginning 2014
For selected scholarship programs, this dataset shows recipient and eligible applicant counts using a variety of metric categories.  Refer to data dictionary for details.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of January 2018</p>
EDA-Percentage of Trade Adjustment Assistance Center (TAAC) clients taking action as a result of the assistance facilitated by the TAAC.
Eleven EDA funded TAACs work with U.S. firms and industries that have been adversely impacted as a result of increased imports of similar or competitive goods to identify specific actions to improve each firm’s competitive position in world markets. “Taking action as a result of the assistance facilitated” means to implement an aspect of the Trade Adjustment Assistance provided by the TAAC. The TAACs provide three main types of assistance: help in preparing petitions for certification, analysis of the firm’s strengths and weaknesses and development of an adjustment proposal, and in depth assistance for implementation of the recovery strategy as set forth in the adjustment proposal.
SUBSIDIOS PARA MEJORAMIENTOS CON COMFAMA
En este archivo se encuentran el valor de los subsidios que gestionó el Instituto de Vivienda ante la Caja de Compensación COMFAMA.
Subdivision Activity (Unincorporated Areas)
This table (Subdivision Activity) represents land subdivisions in the unincorporated area that are recorded, approved, or pending in the subdivision process.   These are Tract Maps (TR) and Parcel Maps (PM).
Gross Withdrawals And Production Of Natural Gas By State T4.3 2004
Gross Withdrawals And Production Of Natural Gas By State T4.3 2004
Libraries - 2011 Computer Sessions by Location
The Chicago Public Library offers one-hour computer sessions and 15-minute computer sessions. The Chicago Public Library opened four new locations in 2011: Greater Grand Crossing (4/23/11); Dunning (5/6/11); Daley, Richard M.-W Humboldt (7/8/11) and Little Village (10/3/11). Edgewater closed 6/16/11 for construction of a new branch; a bookmobile for holds pickup and returns opened 6/24/11. Altgeld closed for extended periods in July and August for air conditioning installation. Back of the Yards closed permanently 8/22/11 due to repeated flooding. All locations were closed February 2-February 3 due to weather. In addition, many locations experienced sporadic closures in summer 2011 due to weather-related issues.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Services by NORC Contracted Providers
Listing of registered and contracted agencies providing NORC Services with Budgeted Units of Service.
FY 2019 Dallas Animal Medical Record
“Helping Dallas be a safe, compassionate, and healthy place for people and animals”.  Dallas Animal Medical Data pertains to operational processes carried out by medical personnel who provide care and medical attention to the animals received at Dallas Animal Services. Medical personnel document their work using Chameleon software, an animal shelter management program. The Dallas Animal Medical Data is updated daily to help citizens better understand the operational processes that the medical personnel perform daily for the animals and citizens of the City of Dallas. The period covered by this dataset goes from  October 01, 2018 - September 30, 2019.
Medicare Spending By County In Utah 2014
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has developed data that enables researchers and policymakers to evaluate geographic variation in the utilization and quality of health care services for the Medicare fee-for-service population.  We have aggregated this data into a Geographic Variation Public Use File that has demographic, spending, utilization, and quality indicators at the state level (including the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands), hospital referral region (HRR) level, and county level.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of November 2017.</p>
126- FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 2.1
Soil Conservation Performance Metrics Objective 2.1- Number of acres treated by BMPs on agricultural land, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
2016 Census - Population by Employment Status (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Maryland Total New Parcels For Residential Development: 2006-2015
Maryland Total New Parcels for Residential Development from from 2006 through and including 2015 based on MdProperty View Edition year data referenced below.      2006-2012 Data Sources:  -MdProperty View 2012 Edition for all jurisdictions except Allegany and Garrett counties, which are based on MdProperty View 2011 Edition updated with August 2014 parcel data from the State Department of Assessments and Taxation.     2013-2015 Data Sources:  -MdProperty View 2013/14 Edition parcel data for all jurisdictions in Maryland except the following: Baltimore, Caroline, Cecil, Dorchester, Harford, Kent, Queen Anne’s, Talbot, and Wicomico counties and Baltimore City, 2013/2014 Edition data updated with June 2016 parcel data from Assessments, and Anne Arundel and Carroll Counties, 2012 Edition data updated with June 2016 parcel data from Assessments. For new parcels included in the June 2016 update, parcel point placement was done via geocoding and not via placement by deed and/or plat.
MDOT Maryland Transit Administration Modal Ridership (FY)
Modal Ridership of MDOT MTA Transit Services by Month and FY
Morgan County Opioid Prescriptions 2006_2012
This data set contains opioid prescriptions dispensed in Morgan County from 2006-2012 as reported to the Drug Enforcement Agencies ARCOS database.  The data contains the manufacturer, distributor & pharmacy that dispensed the opoid as well as the dosage and strength.
Daños Red de Distribución 2015
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE DAÑOS  AL MES EN LA RED DE DISTRIBUCIÓN DE AGUA
[ARCHIVED] Health Statistics Morbidity by Cause 2006
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports morbidity by cause of death.  Geographies available: counties, district health authorities
CalCOFI Larvae Counts, Scientific Names IE to LA
Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.
Afiliados Régimen Subsidiado y Contributivo Municipio de Sopó año 2019
Cantidad de afiliados al Régimen Subsidiado y Contributivo del Municipio de Sopó con fecha de Corte de Julio de 2019
Población SISBEN por comunas y barrios 2016 Guadalajara de Buga / SISBEN population by communes and neighborhoods 2016 Guadalajara de Buga
Cantidad de ciudadanos registrados al Sistema de Selección de Beneficiarios Para Programas Sociales SISBEN del municipio de Guadalajara de Buga en el año 2016 clasificado por comunas y barrios / Number of citizens registered to the Beneficiary Selection System for Social Programs SISBEN of the municipality of Guadalajara de Buga in 2016 classified by communes and neighborhoods
ANM RUCOM Explotador Minero Autorizado-Mineros de Subsistencia/Chatarreros
Es la actividad minera desarrollada por personas naturales o grupo de personas que se dedican a la extracción y recolección a cielo abierto de arenas y gravas de rio destinadas a la industria de la construcción, arcillas, metales preciosos, piedras preciosas y semipreciosas, por medios y herramienta manuales, sin la utilización de ningún tipo de equipo mecanizado o maquinaria para su arranque.
2010 Cass County Race Census Data
2010 Decennial Census data on Cass County Race data sorted by Census tract.   ID: P1, Table: RACE, Dataset: 2010 Redistricting Data SF (PL 94-171)
Actividad Exploratoria Perforación de Pozos  2010 - 2018
​​La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades. La exploración y producción (E&P) incluye las tareas de búsqueda de potenciales yacimientos de petróleo crudo y de gas natural, tanto subterráneos como submarinos, la perforación de pozos exploratorios, y posteriormente la perforación y explotación de los pozos que llevan el petróleo crudo o el gas natural hasta la superficie.
COM - Project Management Data
All Project Request submitted to the Communications Department
Skilled Nursing Facility Quality Reporting Program – Swing Beds – Provider Data
Non-Critical Access Hospitals (CAHs) with swing beds are hospitals that provide Medicare Part A Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) services to beneficiaries and must report data on certain measures of quality to Medicare through the Skilled Nursing Facility Quality Reporting Program (SNF QRP). This file contains a list of the swing bed units participating in the SNF QRP, as well as their results on quality measures implemented under the IMPACT Act.
Fire Dispatches: 2012 - 2018
Emergency incidents created by HCPD's 911 Dispatch Center and classified as Fire, Rescue or Emergency Medical Service (EMS) calls. Not all of these incidents are created as cases, and thus not all of these incidents have a matching record in the Howard County Fire & Rescue Incidents table.
Base De Datos Ligas Y Clubes del Meta
Listado de Clubs y Ligas del Departamento del Meta
Oregon Medicaid Other Provider Preventable Conditions
Diagnosis codes for Other Provider-Preventable Conditions as defined in Oregon Administrative Rule 410-125-0450(2).
Parks Special Events
Event and attendance information from special events facilitated by NYC Parks' "Public Programs" division, including fitness, sports, dancing, movies, and concerts.
Tasa de natalidad específicas por grupo de edad 2013
Fuente: Registro Demográfico, Estadísticas Vitales			  Fuente: Censo de Población (Estimados Encuesta de la Comunidad 2013)			  ² Población femenina de < 20 años incluye población de 10 a 19 años.			  Fecha de archivo:  22 de julio de 2014
Patrol Districts
Little Rock Police Department's Patrol_Districts are based on the detailed Police_Atoms. Each polygon represents a Police Patrol District, used for reference by the Police Dispatcher.
Traffic Accidents
Details about traffic accidents reported to Metro Nashville Police Department.
Austin Public Health Locations
This data set shows locations at which Austin Public Health has a presence, those locations with office hours contain service providers. Some locations are owned by the Department, while other locations house Austin Public Health staff.    No warranty is made by the City of Austin or Austin Public Health regarding the specific accuracy, relevance, or completeness of this data set.
SafeGraph POI Visitor Count
Business listings and visitor count data for businesses in the Chattanooga area. Data made available by SafeGraph https://services.arcgis.com/DO4gTjwJVIJ7O9Ca/arcgis/rest/services/POI_visits_2020_03_29/FeatureServer
2008 Basic Stand Alone Skilled Nursing Facility Beneficiary PUF
The CMS 2008 BSA SNF Beneficiary PUF originates from a 5% simple random sample of beneficiaries drawn (without replacement) from the 100% Beneficiary Summary File for reference year 2008. The sample that is used for the CMS 2008 BSA SNF Beneficiary PUF is disjoint from the existing 5% CMS research sample in the sense that there is no overlap in terms of the beneficiaries in the CMS 2008 BSA SNF Beneficiary PUF and the 5% CMS research sample.
Austin Water - Wastewater Service Connection Count By Zip Code
This data set will include total services connections count for wastewater services by customer class and zip code.​
Building Complaint Disposition Codes
A reference table of disposition codes for building complaints
Prevalence of Diabetes (age adjusted) in Hawaiʻi: 2004–2010
Note. The Hawaiʻi Health Survey (HHS) identified race/ethnicity groups: Hawaiian, Caucasian, Filipino, Japanese, and Other/Unknown; and 9 age groups: 0–14, 15–17, 18–24, 25–34, 35–44, 45–54, 55–64, 65–74, and 75+ years.
Establecimientos Comerciales De Tamesis Antioquia
Listado esablecimientos comerciales Municipio de Támesis Antioquia, Zona urbana y zona rural
IPS habilitadas Municipio de Tuluá
Listado de IPS habilitadas Municipio de Tuluá según el listado con corte al mes de Abril de 2015 publicado por la Secretaría de Salud Departamental en www.valledelcauca.gov.co/salud
IDB IATI Dataset - General Project Details
This dataset provides key project details for sovereign guaranteed (SG) loans that IDB is publishing through the International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI). Consistent with our IATI reporting and the requirements of the IATI standard, this dataset includes only SG loan and guarantee operations approved since 2004 which are currently in execution or repayment and for which a disbursement expiration date has been established. When available, information is presented in both English and Spanish.    For access to IDB’s complete IATI datasets in .xml form, visit www.iatiregistry.org
Survey/Geomatics Performance
Survey/Geomatics performance figures from January 2018 to date.
Senegal USAID/PEPAM Ex-Post Evaluation Sanitation Survey Data
The PEPAM/USAID Ex-Post Evaluation data were collected to assess the sustainability of the Millennium Water and Sanitation Program in Senegal (PEPAM/USAID – Programme d’Eau Potable et d’Assainissement du Millénaire au Sénégal). Implemented from 2009–2014 by Research Triangle Institute (RTI) and a consortium of partners, PEPAM aimed to improve sustainable access to water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH) in four regions of Senegal.    The Senegal USAID/PEPAM Ex-Post Evaluation Sanitation Survey Dataset includes all survey data related to the household sanitation survey and household latrine direct observations.
District 202 Off Campus/Safe School Racial Breakdown
Number of students, categorized by race, off campus or or in safe school in District 202.
Matrícula de estudiantes por Zona y Nivel
Es la evolución de la matricula por nivel(pre y jardín, transición, primaria, secundaria, media, básica) y zona(urbana, rural) de la ciudad de Pereira desde el año 2010 hasta el año 2019.
LEHD LODES 7 Residence Area Characteristic DC 2013
LEHD Origin-Destination Employment Statistics (LODES) used by OnTheMap are available for download below. Version 7 of LODES was enumerated by 2010 census blocks. Previous versions of LODES were enumerated with 2000 census blocks.  Data files are state-based and organized into three types: Origin-Destination (OD), Residence Area Characteristics (RAC), and Workplace Area Characteristics (WAC), all at census block geographic detail. Data is available for most states for the years 2002–2013.  To browse the LODES data files in their directory structure or to access them with a FTP program (must be able to access HTTP), go to http://lehd.ces.census.gov/data/lodes/.    Check out the data dictionary at http://celebratingcities.github.io/docs.html
Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in Niger--Access to Health Services
This dataset describes the use of basic health services in the Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in the Maradi and Zinder regions in Niger.  It has 31 columns and 10,364 rows.  This data asset is the baseline study implemented for the Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in the Maradi and Zinder regions in Niger.  In fiscal year 2012, USAID's Office of Food for Peace (FFP) awarded funding to private voluntary organizations (PVOs) to design and implement a multi-year Title II development food assistance program in Niger.  The main purpose of the Title II program is to improve long-term food security of chronically food insecure population in the target regions.  FFP contracted a firm, ICF International to conduct a baseline study in targeted areas of the country prior to the start of the new program.  The purpose of the study was to assess the current status of key indicators, have a better understanding of prevailing conditions and perceptions of the population in the implementation areas, and serve as a point of comparison for future final evaluations.  Results would also be used to further refine program targeting and, where possible, to understand the relationship between variables to inform program design.  The study was conducted in 2013, while FFP expects to conduct final evaluations as close as possible to the end of the program five years later.
RSBS MOM: Multifamily On-Site Inspections, Site Level, New York State Residential Statewide Baseline Study
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), in collaboration with the New York State Department of Public Service (DPS), conducted a statewide residential baseline study (study) from 2011 to 2014 of the single-family and multifamily residential housing segments, including new construction, and a broad range of energy uses and efficiency measures.  This dataset includes data collected from a total of 67 on-site inspections of multifamily buildings. Data collected during the inspections covers property characteristics, heating and cooling equipment, water heating equipment, appliances, lighting, clothes washing and drying, miscellaneous energy using equipment, and observable operating behavior.  The objective of the on-site inspections was to enhance the residential baseline study with detailed on-site information and, to the degree possible, verify self-reported data from the phone and web surveys. The on-site inspection data is segmented to cover both common space equipment and tenant-unit equipment.
Strategic Measure_S.B.6_Percentage of actual public safety time spent on community engagement
Estimate of the percent of time patrol officers have available to do proactive policing. This includes increased contact and interaction with residents and business owners who live in the district to which the officer is assigned. Strengthened relationships  and improved information sharing will result in positive public safety outcomes.  This dataset supports measure S.B.6. https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/q9h4-8z9s  Data Source: CAD, Internal Staffing Spreadsheet  Calculation: (S.B.6) average of uncommitted time % across sectors.  Measure Time Period: Annually (Calendar Year)  Automated: no  Date of last description update: 4/3/2020
Library Collection Inventory
The Seattle Public Library's collection inventory.   There is a data dictionary available to help you understand the codes used in the "ItemCollection", "ItemType" and "ItemLocation" columns. Access here: https://data.seattle.gov/Community/Integrated-Library-System-ILS-Data-Dictionary/pbt3-ytbc
Tarifas, Rutas, Vehiculos y Contacto - Cooperativa de Transportadores "Cootransdovio LTDA) El Dovio Valle del Cauca
TIPO DE VEHICULOS  46 Vehiculos Carpados: 36 Willis, 3 Carpati, 3 Jeep, 2 Ford, 1 Toyota, 1 Gaz  3 Taxis Sedan: Chevrolet, Hyundai, Daewoo    DIRECCION OFICINA DE DESPACHO  Carrera 7 N 8 - 44 El Dovio Valle  Telefono: 3136482792  Email: cootransdovioltda47@hotmail.com
Historic Railroads
Historic rail line locations throughout Pierce County sourced from Washington State Archive and Bureau of Land Management historic maps dated from 1850's to 2010. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_historic_railroads.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
1411P_Administration
Performance measures dataset
Listado de los Puntos de Interés turístico para el
Información Básica de los Puntos de Interés turístico para el municipio de Aranzazu Caldas
Crimes in Colorado 1997 to 2015
Crime stats for the State of Colorado from 1997 to 2015. Data provided by the CDPS and the FBI's Crime Data Explorer (CDE).
500 Cities: Local Data for Better Health, 2019 release
This is the complete dataset for the 500 Cities project 2019 release. This dataset includes 2017, 2016 model-based small area estimates for 27 measures of chronic disease related to unhealthy behaviors (5), health outcomes (13), and use of preventive services (9). Data were provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Division of Population Health, Epidemiology and Surveillance Branch. The project was funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) in conjunction with the CDC Foundation. It represents a first-of-its kind effort to release information on a large scale for cities and for small areas within those cities. It includes estimates for the 500 largest US cities and approximately 28,000 census tracts within these cities. These estimates can be used to identify emerging health problems and to inform development and implementation of effective, targeted public health prevention activities. Because the small area model cannot detect effects due to local interventions, users are cautioned against using these estimates for program or policy evaluations. Data sources used to generate these measures include Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) data (2017, 2016), Census Bureau 2010 census population data, and American Community Survey (ACS) 2013-2017, 2012-2016 estimates. Because some questions are only asked every other year in the BRFSS, there are 7 measures (all teeth lost, dental visits, mammograms, pap tests, colorectal cancer screening, core preventive services among older adults, and sleep less than 7 hours) from the 2016 BRFSS that are the same in the 2019 release as the previous 2018 release. More information about the methodology can be found at www.cdc.gov/500cities.
MP4 GoalB4
Calendar Year Reporting
AH County-level Provisional COVID-19 Deaths Counts
Provisional count of deaths involving coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) by United States county, from week ending February 1, 2020 through week ending August 1, 2020.
Libraries Wi Fi Usage 2014
Number of WiFi sessions per month provided at Chicago Public Library locations.
Data of violence against women - Honduras Harmonized Data
This file contains descriptive data derived from the end line data set collected for an evaluation study of the impact of participation in a psychological intervention designed by the NGO, Centro de Prevención de la Violencia (CEPREV), on intimate partner violence among at-risk youth living in three neighborhoods in the vicinity of San Pedro Sula, Honduras. The intervention ran from January 2015 through October 2015. Study participants were 934 young women and men (589 treatment and 345 controls) between the ages of 13 and 30. Baseline data collection took place in November of 2014 while final data was collected between December 2015 and February 2016.  <br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/6vsc-i594</b></br></br>
Parking Management Districts
A. SUMMARY Boundaries of parking management districts, including SFpark pilot and control areas (different from meter rate area boundaries).  B. METHODOLOGY  Updated via the SFpark data warehouse  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  These areas do not change over time. Very infrequently.   D. OTHER CRITICAL INFO  These areas do not correspond to meter rate areas.
Suicidios según Sexo en el Municipio de Santiago de Cali 2004 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados los Suicidios según Sexo para los años 2004 al 2017
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of August 2018.</p>
2012 Special February - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
February 2012 special election; final/official results by precinct.
Business Owners and Receipts
Share of business owners and receipts by race of business owner in New Orleans, Metro New Orleans, and the United States, 1997, 2002, 2007, 2012
Plant Brokers (2013)
Plant brokers in Maryland.
City-Parish Vendors
Listing of all vendors registered to do business with City-Parish.  Please note that these are all vendors registered and includes vendors who have never actually done business with the City-Parish.  Registered vendors are notified of potential procurment opportunities.
Indice de información clasificada
indice de información clasificada
2012 Census - Population By Mode Of Transportation (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Consolidado Intervenciones UMV 2019
Base de Datos que contiene los segmentos terminados por la UMV a la fecha de cargue.
1432P_Controller Information Systems
Performance measures dataset
Medicamentos Suministrados en el Año 2017
Medicamentos Suministrados en el Año 2017
Permit Types
a child table for --Street-Use Permits-- and --Right of Way Exception Data--.  contains a translation of permit type abbreviations
Kansas City Crime (NIBRS) Summary
In response to law enforcement’s need for more flexible, in-depth data, the Uniform Crime Reports (UCR) Program formulated the National Incident-Based Reporting System (NIBRS). NIBRS presents comprehensive, detailed information about crime incidents to law enforcement, researchers, governmental planners, students of crime, and the general public. A NIBRS fact sheet, written by the FBI can be found at http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/frequently-asked-questions/nibrs_faqs.     This data set contains Group A Offenses for the entire City. Please visit http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/nibrs to learn more about NIBRS. The "Data Collection Guidelines" outlines how this data is structured and provides the exact definitions and methodology behind this data set.
District Student Mobility/Stability Statistics for 2011-2012 by Instructional Program/Service Type
The 2011-12 school year marked the sixth year in which the Colorado Department of Education calculated and reported student mobility rates. In addition, this year the state began reporting stability rates. The stability rate represents the number and percent of students who remained at a school/district without interruption throughout the school year.
2008-09 Class Size - School-level Detail
This file shows average class sizes and size of smallest and largest class for each school, broken out by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area), and for grades 5-9 (where available) and 9-12, aggregated by program type (General Education, CTT, and Self-Contained Special Education) and core course (e.g. English 9, Math A, US History, etc.).    Official class size data for grades K-9* is based on October 31, 2008 Audited Registers; Core course class size data for MS CORE and grades 9-12 is based on January 23, 2009 active registers.  *Where ninth grade data is not reported by core course  - For middle schools using MSPA (ATS) or HSST to program, average class size is reported by core course, as well as by official class.														  - For high schools, sections with matching day, period, room and core subject, and combined enrollment less than 34 are assumed to be co-teaching situations.  In the report, duplicated sections are subtracted as "MATCHED SECTIONS" and paired sections are added back as "ASSUMED TEAM TEACHING".
Capital Grant Awards 2015
Every year the Manhattan Borough President provides funding in support of various important capital projects throughout Manhattan. This funding is available to city agencies, nonprofit organizations, cultural institutions, and public schools for projects serving New York City purposes.
Average Commute Time to Work
Mean travel time to work (minutes)  DP03_0025E  County and State values are from the ACS 1 Year Survey.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a NOVIEMBRE de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 30 de Noviembre de 2015 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
All Applications To July 2008
All applications received for LIHTC through July 31, 2008.  After this point, we switched to a different system to log applications.  Note that in 1994 all previous data was entered at one time into the system in use at the time.
Medicare Part D Opioid Prescriber Summary File 2016
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Medicare Part D Opioid Prescriber Summary File, which presents information on the individual opioid prescribing rates of health providers that participate in Medicare Part D program. This file is a prescriber-level data set that provides data on the number and percentage of prescription claims (includes new prescriptions and refills) for opioid drugs, and contains information on each provider’s name, specialty, state, and ZIP code. This summary file was derived from the 2016 Part D Prescriber Summary Table (Documentation available at: https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/Medicare-Provider-Charge-Data/Downloads/Prescriber_Methods.pdf)
EPS Impaired Driving Incidents
Impaired Driving measures the number of EPS-reported incidents of impaired driving. The number here uses the number of victims when the incident involves victims. Impaired driving is a leading cause of criminal death in Canada, as well as a significant factor for traffic collision, injuries, and fatalities.     A driver will face a criminal charge of impaired driving when they exceed a Blood Alcohol Concentration (BAC) of 0.08, or when there is other evidence that a driver is impaired. The number of incidents here also includes impairment by narcotics or prescription medication, or when cooperation with testing for alcohol or drugs is refused.    The following UCR2 codes are used for this crime statistic:     9210	Impaired operation - causing death  9215	Impaired operation (drugs) - causing death  9220	Impaired operation - causing bodily harm  9225	Impaired operation (drugs) - causing bodily harm  9230	Impaired operation of motor vehicle, vessel or aircraft  9235	Impaired operation (drugs) vehicle, vessel, aircraft  9240	Impaired operation - failure to provide breath sample  9245	Failure to comply or refusal (drugs)  9250	Impaired operation - failure to provide blood sample
San Joaquin County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in San Joaquin County.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Transportation Contracted Providers
Listing of DFTA Transportation Contracts Information and Hours of Operation.
FY 2019 F65 City
F-65 Data Summary Cities 2019
Shasta County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Shasta County.
State's Attorney Felony Cases - Sentences By Offense Type and Defendant Race
The sentencing data presented in this report reflects the judgement imposed by the court on people that have been found guilty. The data is recorded by count, meaning by each individual cause of action, and each count receives a sentence. Included in this data set are the defendant counts by race and sentence, their associated offense type, and year.
Esquema de Publicación RTVC
Es el instrumento del que dispone la entidad para informar de forma ordenada a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicara, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información prevista en el artículo 3 de la ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma.
WasteWise - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from the November 2017 Mixed Topic Part 1 survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1990&as=ZC4sh3q1eh&t=1    Open from November 14 - 22, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,062 Insight Community Members. 1,882 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 27%. A total of 1,908 respondents completed the survey: 1,882 Insight Community Members and 22 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
MD COVID-19 - Confirmed Deaths by Gender Distribution
<b>Summary</b> The cumulative number of confirmed COVID-19 deaths among Maryland residents by gender: Female; Male; Unknown.  <b>Description</b> The MD COVID-19 - Confirmed Deaths by Gender Distribution data layer is a collection of the statewide confirmed and probable COVID-19 related deaths that have been reported each day by the Vital Statistics Administration by gender. A death is classified as confirmed if the person had a laboratory-confirmed positive COVID-19 test result. Some data on deaths may be unavailable due to the time lag between the death, typically reported by a hospital or other facility, and the submission of the complete death certificate. Probable deaths are available from the MD COVID-19 - Probable Deaths by Gender Distribution data layer.  <b>Terms of Use</b> The Spatial Data, and the information therein, (collectively the "Data") is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory. The user assumes the entire risk as to quality and performance of the Data. No guarantee of accuracy is granted, nor is any responsibility for reliance thereon assumed. In no event shall the State of Maryland be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages of any kind. The State of Maryland does not accept liability for any damages or misrepresentation caused by inaccuracies in the Data or as a result to changes to the Data, nor is there responsibility assumed to maintain the Data in any manner or form. The Data can be freely distributed as long as the metadata entry is not modified or deleted. Any data derived from the Data must acknowledge the State of Maryland in the metadata.
Age of Population in New Orleans Metro and Parishes
Age of Population in New Orleans Metro and Parishes in 2000 and 2017
Austin Code Complaint Cases
This data represents Austin Code Department complaint cases.
ACTQP HTS - Car Ownership Demographics
This data set provides a count and percentage of the number of cars owned by households sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey.
Hi- Caps
Data on DoITT's high-capacity/telecommunications services franchise agreements
County Business Patterns - Puerto Rico 2008
Serie anual que provee datos económicos de las industrias a nivel de Puerto Rico. En este se incluye información sobre la cantidad de establecimientos, empleos durante la semana 12 de marzo del año de referencia, nómina para el primer trimestre y nómina para el año de referencia.
Broadband Adoption Basic Indicators
Key indicators of broadband adoption, service and infrastructure in New York City by NTA.
Transfer Of Guardianship by SFY, DCF Office, Age at Exit and Length of Stay
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of children that exited DCF care to a Transfer of Guardianship.  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, by their Age Group, and by whether their exit from care occurred within 24 months of their entry to care or not.  It would be appropriate to roll up the data from all variables across multiple time periods, as they represent specific events in the lives of these children.  Please note that these figures do not represent unique children, and so should not be used as the basis for creating a rate based on the child population of the state.  These data form the basis of measurement for the Juan F. Consent Decree Exit Plan Outcome #9: Transfer of Guardianship Within 24 Months, although those figures are reported to the DCF Court Monitor on a quarterly rather than annual schedule.
Tacoma Parking Facilities
There are seven off-street parking facilities with a total of nearly 2,550 parking spaces.  The City contract with Republic Parking Northwest to provide daily operational oversight of the off-street parking system.
Franchise - Power
Polygons delineating the power franchise areas in Pierce County. The franchise granted allows the holder of the franchise to operate in County Right-of-Ways, though it is possible that the holder of the franchise does not provide service in all of their franchise area. This data has not been updated since 1999 and should be used with caution. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpubw_franchise_power.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
CCI 4.4 Residential Child Care Investigations (RCCI) Priority and Response Time FY2010-2019
This dashboard contains information about abuse or neglect investigations that were closed by Residential Child Care Investigations staff during the specified timeframe.  To see a count of specific allegations, as opposed to investigations as shown here, see the RCCI Types of Abuse dashboard in this section.  FOOTNOTES 1.   Child Care Investigations (CCI), which is a part of CPI and includes Day Care Investigations (DCI) and Residential Child Care Investigations (RCCI), conduct investigations of abuse and neglect. After the investigation is complete, the investigation is assigned to Child Care Licensing (CCL) with HHSC, where the investigation is assessed for deficiencies of minimum standards.   2.   Exemption requests are submitted to CCL to determine if their operation is subject to regulation.   3.   The General Residential Operations (GROs) counts exclude Residential Treatment Centers (RTCs). Though RTCs are a “care type” of GRO, they are counted separately.
Library Statistics
Summary statistics for Ramsey County Libraries including circulation, reference materials, computer usage, and others, broken down by library branch location.
Housing Sales - City Of Edmonton
Housing sales show the monthly number of residential units sold within the city of Edmonton through the Multiple Listing Service (MLS).
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Peru, 2006 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Peru as part of its 2006 round of surveys.  The 2006 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with the Instituto de Estudios Peruanos and APOYO Opinion y Mercadeo.,
Permanent Housing 2018
This data file contain the number of clients on Permanent Supportive Housing by month.
Evaluación de Tierras con fines Agrícolas para el cultivo de Caña panelera (Saccharum officinarum L.), en el departamento de Cundinamarca. Escala 1:100.000. Diciembre 2018.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Cundinamarca a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 268 de 2016, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Gobernación de Cundinamarca. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de Caña panelera (Saccharum officinarum L.). Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de caña panelera.
2012 Census - Dwelling Units By Structure Type And Length Of Residence (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected. The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available. Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Heart Disease Mortality Data Among US Adults (35+) by State/Territory and County – 2016-2018
2016 to 2018, 3-year average. Rates are age-standardized. County rates are spatially smoothed. The data can be viewed by gender and race/ethnicity. Data source: National Vital Statistics System. Additional data, maps, and methodology can be viewed on the Interactive Atlas of Heart Disease and Stroke http://www.cdc.gov/dhdsp/maps/atlas
2014 Census - Dwelling Units By Structure Type And Ownership (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2014.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Oregon Library Directory
This data contains basic contact and location information on public, academic, special, tribal, and volunteer libraries in Oregon from the Oregon Library Directory, maintained by the State Library of Oregon. This data is updated quarterly.
Delitos de alto impacto en el Municipio de Chia vigencia 2018
Información delitos de alto impacto en el Municipio de Chia vigencia 2018
Vehicle Licensing Sub-Agents
Vehicle License Sub-agent point locations throughout Pierce County and closely adjacent to Pierce County. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbaudit_vehicle_license_subagents.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
LISTADO VEHICULOS MATRICULADOS POR PERIODO POR MARCA - 2017
Cantidad de vehículos matriculados en el Departamento del Atlántico durante el año 2017.
ENERGY STAR Certified Commercial Coffee Brewers
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 1.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Commercial Coffee Brewers that are effective as of July 8, 2016.
Service Delivery Tracker
Service delivery data by location.
GRUPOS DE CAUSAS DE DEFUNCIÓN (LISTA DE CAUSAS AGRUPADAS 6/67 CIE-10 DE OPS) EN ARMENIA.
SE PRESENTA CUADRO DISTRIBUIDO POR GRUPOS DE CAUSAS DE DEFUNCIÓN (LISTA DE CAUSAS AGRUPADAS 6/67 CIE-10 DE OPS) EN ARMENIA. Fuente: DANE, SISPRO - MSPS
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH32 B120 POST-VIETNAM ERA VETERANS' EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAY2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide educational assistance to persons entering the Armed Forces after December 31, 1976, and before July 1, 1985; to assist persons in obtaining an education they might otherwise not be able to afford; and to promote and assist the all volunteer military program of the United States by attracting qualified persons to serve in the Armed Forces. The participant must have entered on active duty on or after January 1, 1977, and before July 1, 1985, and either served on active duty for more than 180 continuous days receiving an other than dishonorable discharge, or have been discharged after January, 1, 1977 because of a service-connected disability. Also eligible are participants who serve for more than 180 days and who continue on active duty and have completed their first period of obligated service (or 6 years of active duty, whichever comes first). Participants must also have satisfactorily contributed to the program. (Satisfactory contribution consists of monthly deduction of $25 to $100 from military pay, up to a maximum of $2,700, for deposit in a special training fund.) Participants may make lump-sum contributions. No individuals on active duty in the Armed Forces may initially begin contributing to this program after March 31, 1987.</p>
Grupos asociativos registrados en la UMATA - Pasto
Listado de grupos asociativos registrados en la UMATA de la Secretaría de Agricultura del Municipio de Pasto.
Ríos, ciénagas y quebradas del Magdalena
Listado con los ríos, ciénagas y quebradas que se encuentran en los municipios del Magdalena
Salary Schedule
This dataset highlights the General Salary Schedule (GSS), Police Leadership Service (PLS) and Management Leadership Services (MLS) salary adjustments from Fiscal Year 2015 to current. The additional Salary Schedule information can be viewed at https://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/HR/compensation/Compensation.html
Landslide Database Of Utah
Landslide Database Of Utah
ANM RUCOM Explotador Minero Autorizado-Mineros de Subsistencia/Barequeros
Es la actividad minera desarrollada por personas naturales o grupo de personas que se dedican a la extracción y recolección a cielo abierto de arenas y gravas de rio destinadas a la industria de la construcción, arcillas, metales preciosos, piedras preciosas y semipreciosas, por medios y herramienta manuales, sin la utilización de ningún tipo de equipo mecanizado o maquinaria para su arranque.
Hate Crimes by County and Bias Type: Beginning 2010
Under New York State’s Hate Crime Law (Penal Law Article 485), a person commits a hate crime when one of a specified set of offenses is committed targeting a victim because of a perception or belief about their race, color, national origin, ancestry, gender, religion, religious practice, age, disability, or sexual orientation, or when such an act is committed as a result of that type of perception or belief. These types of crimes can target an individual, a group of individuals, or public or private property.  DCJS submits hate crime incident data to the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program. Information collected includes number of victims, number of offenders, type of bias motivation, and type of victim.
MDAg Structural BMPs
Structural BMP implementation from fiscal year 1984-2015 credited toward Maryland's Watershed Implementation Plan (WIP) goals for the Chesapeake Bay.
Security Incidents Citizen Dashboard Data
Transit Security measures the number of security incidents reported on transit or transit stations per 100,000 Transit rides.
Pedestrian Signal Inventory and ADA Self-Assessments
Granular inventory of Metro Nashville public pedestrian signals that describe their visual, audible, dimensional, and location characteristics that may affect their ADA compliance.
English Learners (LA)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/x68n-4629/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Campaign Finance - Summary of Third Party Disclosure Forms Regarding San Francisco Candidates - November 8, 2011 Election
San Francisco Campaign and Governmental Conduct Code ("S.F. C&GC Code") sections 1.143(c), 1.152(a)(3), 1.161(b), 1.161.5, and 1.160.5 require persons who make any independent expenditure, electioneering communication, or member communication that clearly identifies a candidate for City elective office or who authorizes, administers or pays for a persuasion poll to file disclosure statements with the Ethics Commission. For detailed instructions, please see Third Party Disclosure Form Regarding Candidates.
Avistamientos de mamíferos marinos realizados desde plataformas de oportunidad.
Conjunto de Datos correspondientes a avistamientos de mamíferos marinos realizados desde plataformas de oportunidad.
HOME-STAT Monthly Dashboard
Incremental data for Monthly Canvassing observations
Maryland PRAMS 2006-2014 Surveillance and Selected Healthy People 2020 Objectives
Results from the Maryland Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) survey of new mothers who delivered live births in the years 2006 through 2014 for selected Healthy People 2020 objectives. The two missing values for "Increase abstinence from binge drinking*** among pregnant women." are <100%. [*PRAMS data includes only information on pregnancies that end in live birth. **First trimester defined by PRAMS as <13 weeks. ***Binge drinking = 4 or more drinks in a two hour sitting, starting 2009 births.  Prior to 2009, binge drinking = 5 or more drinks in one episode.]
AFSC/ABL: Sockeye salmon allozyme baseline - 1982-1990
Genetic data were collected and prepared with the use of protein electrophoresis from 52 spawning locations in southeastern Alaska and northern British Columbia. Genetic relationships were examined from principal components analysis and unrooted trees constructed from genetic distances between collections. These descriptive analyses suggest a geographic basis to genetic divergence among populations. This geographic basis was confirmed using log-likelihood-ratio analysis and analyses of variance. Three groups of populations were observed: one from systems that drain into the inside waters of northern and central southeast Alaska; another from the far southeastern islands (including Prince of Wales Island); and the third in systems of the southern inside waters. Although the geographic structure was a statistically significant component of the overall genetic structure, gene diversity analysis indicates that only about 4.7% of the total genetic variability was attributable to genetic differences among those regions, whereas about 8.4% of the total was due to differences among populations within each region. The other 87.0% of the variation occurred, on average, within each collection.
2019 NYC Open Data Plan: Future Releases
This inventory includes all datasets scheduled for release after September 15, 2019.
Emergency Management Department - Community Outreach - First Quarter 2014
Community Outreach conducted by the Emergency Management Department for the period of January - March 2014
VFC Enrollment 7.2018
Vaccines for Children (VFC) was established in 1993 to remove the barriers of cost and access to attaining childhood immunizations. The program is funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the State of Washington, and supplies vaccines to providers across the state.  Most public and private health care providers who immunize children in King County are currently enrolled. All children from birth up to the 19th birthday are eligible to receive these vaccines.  https://kingcounty.gov/depts/health/communicable-diseases/immunization/providers/vaccines-for-children.aspx
City of Buffalo Public Art Inventory
The Buffalo Arts Commission's collection currently consists of more than 200 artworks and decorative objects. The Commission coordinates their display, storage, conservation and maintenance. Please note that this collection is a work in progress and will be updated as information is processed. If while browsing through the collection, you can assist in providing any information regarding historic subjects, artists, or artworks, please contact the Buffalo Arts Commission at (716) 851-5027 or email (ebarr@city-buffalo.com).
Tabla de porcentaje de conexión a las redes wifi por Dispositivo del Departamento del Atlántico a Junio 2019
Porcentaje de conexión a las redes wifi por Dispositivo del Departamento del Atlántico a Junio 2019.
CONCILIACIÓN EN DERECHO MUNICIPIO DE CHIA 2019
ESTADÍSTICA CONCILIACIÓN EN DERECHO
Marinas And Public Docks Near NYS Canal System
This dataset contains a list of marinas along with location and services provided that are near the NYS Canal System
NOAA - Number of habitat acres restored (annual)
Discontinued after FY 2018.   NOAA restores habitat areas lost or degraded as a result of development and other human activities, as well as specific pollution incidents and sources. Activities are geared toward NOAA trust resources found across the marine environment and are supportive of anadromous species (i.e., species that migrate from the sea to freshwater to spawn). The intent of this measure is to summarize or project the geographic area over which ecosystem function has been or will be improved as the direct result of habitat restoration efforts.   Acres reported for this measure are restored under two programs, the NMFS Habitat Program Restoration Center (RC) and the Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund (PCSRF). Examples of projects that contribute to this measure include hydrologic reconnection of wetlands, shellfish and coral reef restoration, and dam removal and fish passage. This measure does not include restoration conducted through the Species Recovery Grants.
Daily PM25 Pollution Emissions Utah 2011
Available State-wide annual daily inventories of air pollutant emissions (PM10) are summarized in this data set. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Opioid-Related Deaths
Opioid-related deaths (per 100,000 population) by county for Pierce, Kitsap, King, Thurston, Snohomish, and State of Washington.    Data is derived from the Community Health Assessment Tool (CHAT), which is supported by the Washington State Department of Health Division of Epidemiology, Health Statistics and Public Health Laboratories. CHAT provides a secure, online query system for population health-based data sets maintained by the Washington State Department of Health. The tool allows users to conduct analyses for community health assessment.
Waiting List for General Vendor Licenses
A General Vendor license is required to sell, lease or offer to sell or lease goods or services in a public place that is not a store. The maximum number of General Vendor licenses that DCA issues to non-veterans is limited by law to 853. DCA maintains a waiting list, which is currently closed, and calls applicants in the order of the randomly assigned priority numbers.
Oakland Bike Wayfinding Projects
This data includes the status of projects to implement Oakland's bicycle wayfinding sign system; http://www2.oaklandnet.com/oakca1/groups/pwa/documents/report/oak025118.pdf. Projects are constructed by corridor. Additional corridors from the update of Oakland's bicycle plan (July 2019) have not yet been included. Corridor projects prior to 2008 which include a different sign type are not shown on this map. Data current through June 30, 2020 and last updated January 23, 2020.
Datos Abiertos Afiliados CREMIL 2020
Datos de caracterizaciòn de afiliados de CREMIL  con corte de nòmina marzo 2020
Panaderías, cafeterías, heladerías del Municipio de Pasto a 25-04-2019
Panaderías, cafeterías, heladerías del Municipio de Pasto
DSNY Other Organics Collection Tonnages
Annual tons of food scraps dropped off at Green Markets and NYC Compost Project Partners. Also includes other deliveries of organics including leaf and wood wastes to NYC Compost Project Partners. For DSNY monthly tonnages collected curbside by DSNY vehicles, see: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/DSNY-Monthly-Tonnage-Data/ebb7-mvp5. For more information about NYC's organics collection program, see: https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dsny/site/resources/reports/organics-reports. Please note that starting on March 20, 2020, DSNY suspended some services to limit person-to-person contact and to enable our workforce to refocus on core operations. Suspended services include Food Scrap Drop-off sites. Residents should not leave food scraps at any location. Visit https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dsny/site/services/food-scraps-and-yard-waste-page/nyc-food-scrap-drop-off-locations for updates.
2018 Paid Parking Occupancy (Year-to-date)
The City of Seattle has created an on-street paid parking occupancy data set and is providing access to this data set for public use for research and entrepreneurial purposes under the City’s Open Data Program. This data set contains paid occupancy records from 2018.
wallpaper_banner
Template Dataset: wallpaper_banner
Average Weekly Benefits Amount
The Average Weekly Benefit Amount (AWBA) is the average dollar amount a claimant is qualified to receive in Unemployment benefits.  These figures include only Regular UI, and exclude any Federal/Military claims and extensions.  The AWBA is calculated using “Benefits Paid for Total Unemployment” divided by “Weeks Compensated for Total Unemployment”.  As defined by the United States Department of Labor, total unemployment represents the number of individuals, 16 years of age or older, who do not have a job and are eligible for UI benefits.  This amount includes individuals who are partially employed and receiving unemployment benefits.
Human Resources - Exempt Positions
An exempt position is one that involves policy making to an extent or is confidential in such a way that political affiliation is an appropriate consideration for the effective performance of the job. Please refer to the exempt list and associated job descriptions for more information.
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2008
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2008
2013-2019 Attendance Results - District
Attendance data includes students in district 1-32, 75 (Special Education), district 79 (Alternative Schools & Programs), charter schools, home schooling.  Home and hospital instruction are excluded.  Pre-K data does not include NYC Early Education Centers or District Pre-K Centers therefore data is limited to those who attend K-12 schools that offer Pre-K.  Transfer schools are included in citywide, borough, district counts but removed from school level file.  Attendance is registered to school student is attending at the time. If a student attend multiple schools in a school year the data will be reflected in multiple schools.  Chronically absence is defined if a student has an attendance rate of less than 90 percent ( students  who are absent 10 percent or more of the total days).
Travel Sensors
This dataset contains information about travel sensors in Austin, TX. Travel sensors are owned and operated by the City of Austin Transportation Department and are used to monitor traffic conditions across the city.     The output of these sensors is available for download in the following datasets:    Radar traffic counts related to this dataset with the 'KITS ID' value of a wavetronix travel sensor.  ( https://data.austintexas.gov/Transportation-and-Mobility/Radar-Traffic-Counts/i626-g7ub )    Individual Address Records ( https://data.austintexas.gov/dataset/Bluetooth-Travel-Sensors-Individual-Addresses/qnpj-zrb9/data )    Individual Traffic Matches ( https://data.austintexas.gov/dataset/Bluetooth-Travel-Sensors-Individual-Traffic-Matche/x44q-icha/data )    Traffic Summary Records ( https://data.austintexas.gov/dataset/Bluetooth-Travel-Sensors-Match-Summary-Records/v7zg-5jg9 )    For information about Austin's Advanced Transportation Management System, visit the department website, here:  http://www.austintexas.gov/department/arterial-management
Water Temperature Data for Bridge Creek Watershed
InPort Dataset ID: 18014 InPort Entity ID: 35555 Water Temperature Data for Bridge Creek Watershed.
Content Config
Dataset created for budgetMontgomery
DEPENDENCIAS Y OFICINAS DE LA ALCALDIA
dependencias y oficinas de la alcaldia de Gramalote
Value Modifier PUF Performance Year 2014
Performance Year 2014 (Payment Year 2016). Value Modifier (VM) Public Use File (PUF) - The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) has created a standard analytical file intended to promote transparency. For each VM performance year, CMS will publish a PUF that contains VM performance results of de-identified practices that were subject to the VM program. CMS provides supporting documentation for each PUF that contains the field name, length, type, label, description, and notes for each variable included in the PUF.
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2009
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2009
A Foundation Report: Stalking
This data set contains count data of stalking related offenses that occurred in New York City between 2013 through 2018.
2013-2014 Class Size Report District Level Distribution Final
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Egresados Educación Media de Panqueba
Estudiantes que han terminado la educación media en el colegio del municipio de Panqueba
Corporación Concejo Municipal de Candelaria Valle periodo 2020 - 2023
Conformación del concejo municipal de Candelaria Valle para el periodo 2020 - 2023 y quien acompañara al Alcalde Municipal electo por votación popular Dr. Jorge Eliecer Ramirez Mosquera.
Number of Appeals ( RSN 39972)
Labor and Industrial Relations Appeals Board - Appeals Received
System Fuel Cost Average
The system fuel cost average is the cost of fuel purchased, divided by the number of kilowatts generated. View the system annual average fuel cost (cents/kWh) starting in 2006. Go to http://austinenergy.com/go/reports to learn more.
Great Streets Pedestrian Survey 2015
Learn more about Mayor Garcetti's Great Streets Initiative at http://lagreatstreets.org/
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of May 2019.</p>
CJFJC - Animal Safety
Survivors can discuss animal safety while meeting with an advocate at the CJFJC
Feed the Future-Ethiopia PRIME-Interim Survey-October 2015 through October 2016
This dataset is the second of two interim surveys administered from October 2015 through October  2016 to enable the Feed the Future PRIME project in Ethiopia to monitor program performance by reviewing changes in a number of standardized indicators.  These indicators reflect data collected through population-based surveys (PBS) in the geographic areas targeted by Feed the Future interventions, known as the Feed the Future Zones of Influence (ZOI).  Each survey was administered to a sample of over 400 households in 17 kebeles (communities) once a month over a 6-month period creating for a total of six rounds of data for each survey.
Summer Meal Programs – Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) – Meal Counts Information – Program Period 2017
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This dataset contains <b> claimed meals served by summer meal sites participating in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) for summer 2017 (SNP program year 2016-2017).</b> Summer meal programs operate mid-May through the end of August.<p>   <b>This dataset contains site-level claimed meal counts. </b>Reimbursement data is collected at the sponsor level and is reported in the “Summer Meal Programs – Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) – Meal Reimbursements” dataset for the program year. <p>   For data on sites participating in the Seamless Summer Option (SSO), please refer to the Summer Meal Programs – Seamless Summer Option – Meal Counts and Meal Reimbursement datasets available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by July 15 of the active program period. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program period. After 90 days from the close of the program period, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program period before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Percent of women who report smoking while pregnant, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Percent of live births whose mothers reportedly used any tobacco product.    Definition:  Self-reported use of any tobacco product by the mother during pregnancy.  Note: Denominator includes mothers with unknown tobacco use status (approx. 5% of birth records).    Source:     Birth Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health;  Retrieved on December 22, 2014 from New Jersey Department of Health, Center for Health Statistics, New Jersey State Health Assessment Data: http://nj.gov/health/shad.     History:  MAR 2017  - 2010-2014 baseline data updated for total population and all racial/ethnic groups  - Baseline year changed from 2008 to 2010  - 2020 targets adjusted for total and all racial/ethnic groups to reflect a 10% improvement over the 2010 baseline
NNDSS - TABLE 1II. Tetanus to Trichinellosis
NNDSS - TABLE 1II. Tetanus to Trichinellosis - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
2018 Kansas City Energy and Water Consumption Benchmarking for City-Owned Buildings
2018 Energy and Water consumption of City-Owned buildings 10,000 SQFT or greater, required by the Energy Empowerment Ordinance, using the Energy Star Portfolio Manager tool. The City provided some buildings below this threshold when available. The data were collected in 2019.
Internet Master Plan: Broadband Adoption & Demographic Citywide
Broadband adoption rates among demographic subgroups in New York City</p>  <b>Data Limitations:</b> Data accuracy is limited as of the date of publication and by the methodology and accuracy of the original sources.  The City shall not be liable for any costs related to, or in reliance of, the data contained in these datasets.
Secretarías Seccionales COPNIA
Secretarías Seccionales COPNIA
Health_Meas K_AASOM_% of complaints resolved_APS25
Percent of complaints investigated and resolved by OSSMC
Energy And Environment Dashboard
Open Michigan (OpenMichigan@michigan.gov) is the official State of Michigan account.  Any items created by other user accounts are not endorsed by the State of Michigan.
City Manager's Office Performance Data
This data set provides information regarding the CMO's performance measures
CONTRATACION ENERO 2018
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de enero de 2018 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloria General de Antioquia.
5900B_Environmental Health Services
Performance measures dataset
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Asian and Pacific Islander Population by City
Asian and Pacific Islander (API) Population. Percents refer to percent of API Population. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B02015, B02016.
Evictions
This dataset lists pending, scheduled and executed evictions within the five boroughs, for the year 2017 - Present.  The data fields may be sorted by Court Index Number, Docket Number, Eviction Address, Apartment Number, Executed Date, Marshal First Name, Marshal Last Name, Residential or Commercial (property type), Borough, Zip Code and Scheduled Status (Pending/Scheduled).    Eviction data is compiled from the majority of New York City Marshals.  Marshals are independent public officials and should be contacted directly for more information at https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doi/offices/marshals-list.page Data prior to January 1 2017 is not currently available.
Presupuesto de Ingresos
Ejecución del presupuesto de ingresos
BARRIOS Y URBANIZACIONES DEL MUNICIPIO DE YOTOCO
Aquí podrás encontrar información sobre las divisiones políticas de los Barrios y Urbanizaciones.
Pensum Programas del Instituto Nacional de Formación Técnica Profesional
PLAN DE ESTUDIO DE LOS PROGRAMAS DEL INSTITUTO NACIONAL DE FORMACIÓN TÉCNICA PROFESIONAL
Bad Debt Expense
Bad debt expense is the amount of revenue billed in any fiscal year that is not collected.  It represents a final, audited number based on an analysis of collectability. While Austin Energy has experienced growth in receivable balances for active accounts due to a postponement of utility cut-offs for delinquent payment during Austin Energy’s transition to the new customer billing system, the utility is beginning to see significant collection on those balances. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS150
Driver Feedback Sign DFS150  Latitude: 53.414184 Longitude: -113.494995  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Residential Water Meter Inspections/Installs
The Residential Water Meter Inspections/Installs Listing:  Check on the status of your residential water meter inspections and installations. The list below shows which service requests have been assigned to a Meter Services Inspector. Meter inspections are generally completed within ten business days of the initiation of the Service Request. An address with an “Assigned” service request may have an inspection completed within three business days, barring unforeseen circumstances. Please make sure the meter box is clean, the wooden dowel spacer is sized properly and marked with the service address, and the angle stop and ball valves are in alignment for a successful meter installation.
Festividades Municipio de Algarrobo
Relación de las festividades mas populares celebradas en el municipio de Algarrobo-Magdalena.
Drainage - Open Channel Barriers
GPS'd storm water flow barrier polyline features in unincorporated Pierce County. Includes public and private features except where private gates prevent access.  Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpubw_swopenchannelbarrier.html) for additional information.  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Income Eligibility Guidelines:  2017-2018
This dataset includes income eligibility guidelines for participation in the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC). The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC) offers nutrition education, breastfeeding support, referrals and a variety of nutritious foods to low-income pregnant, breastfeeding, or postpartum women, infants, and children up to age five to promote and support good health.
AFSC/ABL: Longline Survey Special Projects
Two-day experiments have been conducted as a separate leg on the Alaska Fisheries Science Centers longline survey since 1998. Experiments are conducted usually in the vicinity of Yakutat, Alaska in late July of each year. The majority of projects are longline gear related and include hook spacing experiments, hand versus auto bait gear comparisons, and bait type comparisons. Rockfish genetics and sperm whale depredation studies have also been conducted. Data collected during the two-day experiments include 100% hook census of catch, lengths of major species caught, and data collection procedures relevant to each individual study. The data are housed in a Microsoft Access database and maintained by the Marine Ecology and Stock Assessment group at the Auke Bay Laboratories.
Estudio de producción de Leche
Estudio de la producción de leche en los diferentes municipios del departamento de Sucre
USA SPENDING LGY B114 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS DEC2018
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located.</p>
Defunciones por Mes, Tipo Mortalidad y Sexo Año 2018, de la ESE Hospital Departamental San Antonio Pitalito Huila
Consolidado de Defunciones por mes, tipo de mortalidad y sexo del fallecido vigencia 2018
Participantes Juegos Deportivos Escolares
Deportistas de las diferentes disciplinas entre los 10 y 12 años que participaron de los Juegos Deportivos Escolares el 2019.
Board of Adjustment Review
Information about applications for Board of Adjustment Review within Development Services.
Inventario Patrimonio Arquitectonico Del Risaralda
Inventario Patrimonio Arquitectonico Del Risaralda
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of November 2017.</p>
Contratación Secretaria de Infraestructura y Valorización de la  Gobernación del Valle del Cauca  con corte a Mayo de 2019
este conjunto de datos contiene la información de la Contratación de la Secretaria de Infraestructura y Valorización de la  Gobernación del Valle del Cauca  primer semestre año 2019
Property Assessments
The assessed values of residential, non-residential and farm land properties in Calgary. The properties in this dataset consist of Calgary lands that have a registered parcel at Alberta’s Land Titles Office. Properties that are on The City of Calgary’s annual property assessment rolls, but excluded from this dataset, are titled parking stalls, titled storage units, machinery & equipment property, and linear property (as defined in the Municipal Government Act). *Year of construction available starting in ROLL_YEAR = 2020.*  For detailed property assessment information, visit https://assessmentsearch.calgary.ca
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of November 2017.</p>
Rendimiento Por Hectareas Cosechadas Con Hortalizas En El Valle Del Cauca Año 2016
Rendimiento Por Hectáreas Cosechadas Con Hortalizas En El Valle Del Cauca Año 2016
Matriculados por facultad 2019-1
Estudiantes matriculados por facultad para el periodo 2019-1
Omnibus - Census Bureau -- 2013 to 2017 --- Full Cross-Tabulation ---- Data Table
A collection of tables transformed into usable indicators
GRUPOS DE DANZA CASA DE LA CULTURA
Aquí encontraras información de los participantes de la casa de la cultura.
ASOCIACIONES GANADERAS PESQUERAS Y AGRICOLAS DEL DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO
Se registra el listado de las asociaciones Ganaderas, Pesqueras y Agrícolas del Departamento del Atlántico.
Población Discapacitada en la Ciudad de Armenia
Total población discapacitada en la ciudad de Armenia registrada a julio de 2017
2014 - 2015 School Quality Report Results for D75 Schools
New York City Department of Education 2014 - 2015 School Quality Report Results for D75 Schools. The Quality Review is a process that evaluates how well schools are organized to support student learning and teacher practice. It was developed to assist New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) schools in raising student achievement by looking behind a school’s performance statistics to ensure that the school is engaged in effective methods of accelerating student learning.
Bicycle Parking
Planned and existing bicycle parking including multiple styles of racks as well as electronic bicycle lockers
EMS-Recruiting FY 2017
“** Static Data Set ** This table shows the ATCEMS Recruiting Process for Fiscal Year 2016-17
Corregidores De Policia En El Municipio De Santiago De Cali 2017
La Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia pone a su disposición los Corregidores De Policía en el Municipio De Santiago De Cali 2017
Traffic Sensor Location - Iteris
Location of traffic sensors consisting of bluetooth/WiFi readers for the purpose of identifying travel times and speeds between roadway segments.
Pharmaceutical Disposal Locations
Drop-off locations where citizens may dispose of unused or expired medications.
170- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 1.1
Health Department Performance Metrics Objective 1.1- Residents Reached by Outreach, FY 2019 Proposed Budget.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of August 2018.</p>
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 - Obstruction
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.     This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2016 to September 30, 2017.
Police Atoms
Little Rock Police Department's Atoms represent the detailed response areas for each of 24 Patrol Districts. Each polygon represents a dispatch code, or "Atom", for a unique dispatch sequence, an ordered list of the nearest patrol districts, used for reference by the Police Dispatcher.
Activos-de-informacion-gober-guaviare
Activos de información de la Gobernación del Guaviare.
Sustainability (2010-2013)
Most indicators throughout Vital Signs are created by acquiring and analyzing data collected from governmental agencies for some public administration purpose, such as 311 calls or housing inspections. However, data from the United States Bureau of the Census remains the best source for demographic and socioeconomic indicators for neighborhoods. The Census Bureau collects a wide variety of information through administration of both the decennial Census and the annual American Community Survey (ACS).
Esquema de Publicación - Universidad de los Llanos
Instrumentos Ley 1712
East Ogden Prevailing Metric
This is the field collected data on retail center occupancy used to support the prevailing metric of the East Ogden Vibrancy goals page.
Street Weekly Resurfacing Schedule - Bronx
Bronx Milling and Paving Schedule
Average Price Of Natural Gas Delivered To Consumers By State And Sector T4.17 2010
Average Price Of Natural Gas Delivered To Consumers By State And Sector T4.17 2010
Audits
All County Audit reports filed with the County Clerk's office are available in this dataset.
2012 Budget Consultation Survey - Satisfaction With City Services
Data on overall satisfaction with City services; satisfaction with individual services; recommendations for Edmonton as a place to live, work and visit.          D1 to B11 - Demographic information.    B1  - Overall satisfaction with City services.  B2_0 to B2_2 - Recommending Edmonton.  B8_0 to B8_13 - Satisfaction with each service area.         Indicate your level of satisfaction with the way in which the various services are currently being delivered by the city.    RESPONSE for B1 to B2_2 and B8_0 to B8_13  1. Very Satisfied  2. Moderately satisfied  3. Moderately dissatisfied  4. Very dissatisfied  5. Not sure  6. Do not use this service        -  SURVEY at http://www.edmonton.ca/budgetconsultation
Listado instituciones educativas Jericó Antioquia
Listado de instituciones educativas en el municipio de Jericó, Antioquia.
Unshoveled/Icy Sidewalk Complaints
Unshoveled/Icy Sidewalk Complaints Since 1/1/2008
Municipal Fiscal Indicators - 2013
Municipal Fiscal Indicators is an annual compendium of information compiled by the Office of Policy and Management, Intergovernmental Policy Division (IGP), Municipal Finance Services Unit (MFS). The data contained in Indicators provides key financial and demographic information on municipalities in Connecticut. Municipal Fiscal Indicators contains the most current financial data available for each of Connecticut's 169 municipalities. The majority of this data was compiled from the audited financial statements that are filed annually with the State of Connecticut, Office of Policy and Management, IGP Division. This database of information includes selected demographic and economic data relating to, or having an impact upon, a municipality’s financial condition.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
La clasificación de activos de información tiene como objetivo asegurar que la información recibe los niveles de protección adecuados, ya que con base en su valor y de acuerdo a otras características particulares requiere un tipo de manejo especial.  La confidencialidad se refiere a que la información no esté disponible ni sea revelada a individuos, entidades o procesos no autorizados, Esta se define de acuerdo con las características de los activos que se manejan en nuestra entidad.
2006 - 2012 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results - Citywide - ELL
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of English Language Arts for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by student ELL status.
Hazardous Materials Underground Storage Tanks
This table provides the most frequently used and requested data associated with permitted Unified Program underground storage tanks. This is not a full dataset. https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/deh/waste/pdf/hmd/deh_hmd_ust_datadesc_civicdata.pdf
Cambridge Building Energy and Water Use Data Disclosure 2016-2019
This dataset contains compliance status and energy and water use data gathered through the Building Energy Use Disclosure Ordinance (BEUDO). Property details, energy use and water use data are submitted by property owners or managers whose properties are subject to BEUDO through an online energy and water use benchmarking tool called ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager. Parcel level property information is obtained from the City of Cambridge Property Database.     Energy and water use information submitted by property owners and managers is shown for properties that first began reporting in the 2015 BEUDO reporting cycle. These include nonresidential properties 50,000 square feet or more, residential properties with 50 or more units and municipal properties 10,000 square feet or more. In 2016, nonresidential properties 25,000 square feet or more began submitting reports for the first time and their data was disclosed beginning in 2017.    Please note that the “Property Type” column distinguishes reports based on whether they contain information about a single building or multiple buildings. If you are running summary statistics on this dataset, make sure to avoid duplicating data by filtering for “single” reports and “parent” reports. Child properties are buildings also included in parent reports. The “Buildings Included” column details what buildings are included in parent reports, with the first building ID indicating the parent property.
Inmuebles Disponibles Para La Venta
Aquí puede encontrar información de los inmuebles disponibles para la venta en CISA.
Timberland Regional Library Collection by Item Type
This dataset reports on physical items in the Timberland Regional Library District, a five-county rural library district serving Thurston, Lewis, Mason, Pacific, and Grays Harbor counties. It includes a count of items by each library location, the item type, count of items, and total lifetime circulation.
Cantidad de Población Afiliada al Régimen Contributivo por EPS del Municipio de Aguazul Casanare
Cantidad de Población Afiliada al Régimen Contributivo por EPS del Municipio de Aguazul Casanare
Positive Total Coliform Samples
Samples are collected daily at locations throughout the distribution system by city personnel. Samples are taken to a lab to be analyzed for Total Coliform and E. Coli indicators. All positive samples since 2011 are provided in this dataset.
ASOCIACIONES EN EL MUNICIPIO DE FILANDIA QUINDIO
Listado de las empresas asociativas de productores del Municipio de Filandia en las diferentes cadenas productivas como son: carne, leche, cafes, hortalizizas, frutales y otros
Doing Business Search - Entities
The Doing Business Search provides access to information on entities and individuals that do business with the City of New York.    http://www.nyc.gov/portal/site/DBusinessSite
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2011
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2011
Subsidized Programs And Services For Low Income Edmontonians - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the September 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1245&as=fG57Nx60BD&t=1    Open from September 12 - 20, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6500 Insight Community Members. 2345 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 36%. A total of 2393 respondents completed the survey: 2345 Insight Community Members and 48 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
FOIA Request Log - City Clerk
FOIA requests received by the Office of the Chicago City Clerk as of May 1, 2010
Home Care Registry Training Data: Beginning 2009
The dataset provides training information extracted from Home Care Registry (HCR) application. HCR is a web-based registry of all personal care and home health aides who have successfully completed a personal care or home health aide training program approved by either the New York State Department of Health (NYSDOH) or the New York State Education Department (NYSED). This registry is the central repository of the individuals who have successfully completed State-approved education or training programs for Home Health Aides and Personal Care Aides. The Training Programs are the sources for most of the training information available in HCR. This dataset is refreshed on monthly basis.
HIV Testing Locations
Location and facility information for places in New York City that provide HIV testing.
Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan: Section 6
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the sixth spreadsheet of six in the Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan.
All Payer Patient Safety Indicators (PSI) by Hospital: Beginning 2009
The datasets contain hospital discharges counts (numerators, denominators, volume counts), observed, expected and risk-adjusted rates with corresponding 95% confidence intervals for Patient Safety Indicators generated using methodology developed by Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).    The PSIs are a set of indicators providing information on potential in hospital complications and adverse events following surgeries, procedures, and childbirth. The PSIs were developed by AHRQ after a comprehensive literature review, analysis of ICD-9-CM codes, review by a clinician panel, implementation of risk adjustment, and empirical analyses.    All PSI measures were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data beginning 2009.  US Census data files provided by AHRQ were used to derive denominators for county level (area level) PSI measures.    The mortality, volume and utilization measures PSIs are presented by hospital as rates or counts. Area-level measures are presented by county as rates.
Tax Increment Financing (TIF) Annual Report - Projects
A list of all active or completed projects or programs in a Redevelopment Project Area during the Reporting Year.  For the detailed reports for each TIF district for each year, please see https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/depts/dcd/supp_info/tif-district-annual-reports-2004-present.html.
Steelhead Estimates 2012 Final
Sport harvest of steelhead from Washington waters, by water, month, and mark type.
Local Law 44 - Tax Incentive
The Tax Incentive data table includes tax incentive Year 1 amounts, name and type for those tax exemptions or abatements that meet the definition of City Financial Assistance for each Local Law 44 Housing Development Project. This information is reported pursuant to Local Law 44 of 2012, and is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=HPD+Local+Law+44'>Housing Projects Receiving City Financial Assistance (Local Law 44) collection of data tables</a>.
2017 5 Year Housing Age
Housing age from 2017 5 year ACS for tracts in Hamilton County
Natural Resource Extraction Revenue Fed Lands Utah 2003_2019
Revenue collected from extraction of natural resources in Utah on federal and Native American lands that is distributed to various legislated funds, local governments, and federal agencies.
2014 Census - Dwelling Unit By Language (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Measure A HOT Team EPA- Shelter 2015
Measure A data for HOT Team and Project WeHOPE updates based on new contract measures for FY2015-17
Mapa Sonoro - Lenguas Nativas de Colombia
Información de lenguas nativas de pueblos indígenas, palanquero, creol y gitanos que habitan nuestro territorio y conservan su lengua viva, como parte fundamental de su propia identidad.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VIRGINIA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VIRGINIA, as of November 2018.</p>
TDLR - All Licenses
A listing of all TDLR license holders from https://www.tdlr.texas.gov/LicenseSearch/.
Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Obesity - Women, Infant, and Child
This dataset includes data on weight status for children aged 3 months to 4 years old from Women, Infant, and Children Participant and Program Characteristics (WIC-PC). This data is used for DNPAO's Data, Trends, and Maps database, which provides national and state specific data on obesity, nutrition, physical activity, and breastfeeding. For more information about WIC-PC visit https://www.fns.usda.gov/wic/national-survey-wic-participants.
2001 Campaign Contributions
A listing of contributions for candidates for City office in 2001
Tornado Siren Locations
Tornado Siren locations in Nashville/Davidson County.
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada 2019
Indice, información clasificada
Business Tax Receipts
This data set includes all business tax receipts issued by Permitting Services since 2010. The Business Tax Receipts because they are operating multiple types of businesses. For more information visit CityofOrlando.net/permits Disclaimer: The data is derived from the Economic Development Platform, we acknowledge there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. The City of Orlando does not guarantee the accuracy of the information. The City of Orlando will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. Additionally, because City policy and operations regarding reporting might change, the data may have limited value for comparisons over time.
Bike KC Survey Results
The survey is part of a greater citywide effort to develop a comprehensive bicycle master plan. More than 600 people responded. Once seen as the worst city for bicycling in the U.S., KCMO is well on our way to change this image.  In the Fall of 2013, the City posted on online survey to get a pulse of who is riding in KC and what would encourage people to ride more often.
Layton City Assessed Property Tax Values 2003-2013
This data set contains assessed property value totals for the City of Layton from 2003-2013.
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Day Care Homes – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2016-2017
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b> meal reimbursement for CACFP participating as Day Care Homes for program year 2016-2017.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  <b> This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites participating as Day Care Homes.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Child Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care Centers, Head Start Centers, emergency shelters, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Paycheck Protection Program Loans in Colorado
Paycheck Protection Program loans are SBA loans that helps businesses keep their workforce employed during the Coronavirus (COVID-19) crisis, specific to Colorado. Includes < $150,000 loans and > $150,000 loans. Current law dictates that the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) close at the end of August 8, 2020.
DYCD after-school programs: Young Adult Internship Programs
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site, that offer “Youth Adult Internship Program” after-school  job and internship programs for young adults ages 16 to 24.
AREA ESTABLECIDA DE BOSQUE PROTECTOR PRODUCTOR
Son plantaciones forestales con los cuales el propietario obtiene ingresos económicos por medio del aprovechamiento y venta de los productos del árbol y a la vez cumple funciones de protección y conservación de los recursos naturales y el medio ambiente.
EDC Business Survey
Updated Annually - EDC business survey results since 2011
Survey Data 2014
Survey results for San Mateo County
Personal Income Tax Filers, Summary Dataset 1 - Major Items by Liability Status and Place of Residence: Beginning Tax Year 2015
Beginning with tax year 2015, the Department of Taxation and Finance (hereafter “the Department”) began producing a new annual population data study file to provide more comprehensive statistical information on New York State personal income tax returns. The data are from full‐year resident, nonresident, and part‐year resident returns filed between January 1 and December 31 of the year after the start of the liability period (hereafter referred to as the “processing year”). The four datasets display major income tax components by tax year. This includes the distribution of New York adjusted gross income and tax liability by county or place of residence, as well as the value of deductions, exemptions, taxable income and tax before credits by size of income. In addition, three of the four datasets include all the components of income, the components of deductions, and the addition/subtraction modifications.   Caution: The current datasets are based on population data. For tax years prior to 2015, data were based on sample data. Data customers are advised to use caution when drawing conclusions comparing data for tax years prior to 2015 and subsequent tax years. Further details are included in the Overview.
OFERTA PROGRAMAS ACADÉMICOS POSTGRADO META
Oferta de Programas Académicos de Universidades en el Departamento del Meta
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Contraloría General de la República
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Contraloría General de la República
Restaurantes Escolares De Santiago N de S.
Municipio de Santiago Norte de Santander
Datos De Población Guateque
Datos De Población Guateque
USA SPENDING C&P B105 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE DEC2018
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA's determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Moment Of Reflection - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the March 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=898&as=vJ13e5gK1H&t=1    Open from March 07 - 15, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 4847 Insight Community Members. 1885 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 39%. A total of 1893 respondents completed the survey: 1885 Insight Community Members and 8 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attached document, found under the "About" option, in the "Attachments" section.
MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN	 FY 2006
AVERAGE MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN						  STATE FISCAL YEAR 2006						  * Due to rounding some towns may not display a case but will display recipients.  This is due to most cases having more than one recipient and therefore when averaged, the recipient count will be .5 or higher, and be counted as 1.	  Note: Due to rounding, program and statewide totals may appear inaccurate.
Accessibility and Disabled Parking - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the January Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=185&t=1. Open from January 11 - 20, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2159 Insight Community Members. 1070 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 50%. A total of 1178 respondents completed the survey: 1070 Insight Community Members and 108 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
POBLACIÓN POR SUBREGIONES, MUNICIPIOS Y ZONAS, DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLÁNTICO, CENSOS 1964, 1973, 1985, 1993, 2005 Y PROYECCIÓN 2017
Fuente: Dane - Dirección Técnica de Censos. Cálculos Secretaría de Planeación Departamental; población ajustada según área.
Organizational Grants for Arts Services
The LA County Arts Commission contracts with approximately 200 arts organizations annually through the Organizational Grant Program (OGP) to provide arts services. Made possible through the generosity of the Board of Supervisors, grants for concerts, theatre and dance productions, exhibitions, in-school and out-of-school arts education and core operations help these organizations enrich the lives of County residents in large and small communities alike. This program ensures that a wide variety of cultural services will continue to reach County residents
Overcoming Challenges To Aging
Percentages of Evanston seniors facing certain challenges as compared to national percentages.
Federal Government Owned Buildings in Utah
This data set contains properties owned by the General Services Administration (GSA) in Utah.  Data includes:  Location Code - GSA’s alphanumeric identifier for the building Owned or Leased - Indicates the building is Federally Owned (F) or Leased (L) GSA Region - GSA assigned region for building location. Street Address/City/State/Zip Code - Building Address. Latitude and Longitude - Map coordinates of the building. Building Rentable Square Feet - Total Rentable Square Feet in building. Available Square Feet - Vacant Space in building. Construction Date - Date of year built. Congressional District - Congressional District building is located. - Senator/Representative/URL - Senator/Representative of the Congressional District and their web address.
WAOFM - SAEP - Congressional District Population Estimates, 2000-2020
Small Area Estimate Program (SAEP) April 1 population estimates for congressional districts, 2000-present.
WORK STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS  2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates
Employment and hours worked data from the ACS 2007-2011 survey
DIRECTORIO ENTIDADES EDUCATIVAS MUNICIPIO DE CÚCUTA
DIRECTORIO ENTIDADES EDUCATIVAS MUNICIPIO DE CÚCUTA NORTE DE SANTANDER
Food Facility Inspections
Detailed information about each food facility inspection in Marin County.  Data is updated daily.  Data begins as of January 1, 2014.  Inspectors' recent inspections are often not fully entered in their systems yet at the time of update.  This is normal.  Please visit our  <a href = "https://marinfoodinspection.org/FoodInspectionSearch" target=_blank>food inspection website</a>, if you want to easily see the current status and inspection results of particular food facilities or restaurants.
School Districts
School District boundary polygons throughout Pierce County. These are not legal boundaries. They are aligned to parcels and used by the Auditor's office for election purposes. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbaudit_school_districts.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
I. E OFICIALES MUNICIPIO DE APARTADO ANTIOQUIA
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS
Histórico ICFES Abejorral Pruebas saber 11 - año 2013
Datos históricos de los resultados en las pruebas Icfes Saber 11 correspondientes al año 2013 en el municipio de Abejorral
Benzodiazepines and Other Sedatives
Basic Metadata Note: New condition starting in 2017. *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.  **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.  ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander. ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
El Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada de la E.S.E, es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
PSP Program Summary
Operating Budget Program Summary
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
El Índice de información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Disabled Population by Age
*Please note that # refer to the number of people within the age group with a disability and % refers to the percent of those with a disability within that age group. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S1810.
What's Happening LA Calender - Subject Matter Categories - Reference - ARCHIVED
Categories for Subject Matter - ARCHIVED  For the new LA City Events dataset (refreshed daily), see https://data.lacity.org/A-Prosperous-City/LA-City-Events/rx9t-fp7k
Auburn's Housing Repair Projects
Data on Auburn's housing repair projects. Funding for projects comes from Federal Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) dollars
Explotación Agrícola del Departamento de Casanare
Este conjunto de datos contiene los datos de la explotación agrícola del departamento de Casanare, la cual la constituyen los cultivos transitorios, los cultivos anuales y los cultivos permanentes. Para reportar hallazgos, comentarios o sugerencias, puede escribirnos por medio de los siguientes mecanismos: https://apps.casanare.gov.co/correspondencia/pqrs sistemas@casanare.gov.co
Daily Inmates In Custody
Daily inmates in custody with attributes (custody level, mental health designation, race, gender, age, leagal status, sealed status, security risk group membership, top charge,  and infraction flag). This data set excludes Sealed Cases. Resulting summaries may differ slightly from other published statistics.
Prestadores Turísticos - La Vega - Cundinamarca
La Alcaldía Municipal de la Vega da a conocer los Prestadores Turísticos
Council on Open Data: Meeting Content July 2018
Council on Open Data Meeting documents including meeting agenda, sign-in sheet, presentation, and minutes.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of November 2018.</p>
Performance Metrics - Business Affairs & Consumer Protection - Limited Business Licenses
Limited Business Licenses (LBLs) are required for all Chicago businesses not specifically exempt from licensing requirements. This includes all business that provide services, or engage in office operations or general sales. Currently the performance target for processing Limited Business Licenses is 3 days.
Esquema de Publicacion EDEQ Versión 3
Contiene la periodicidad de actualización de la información publicada para dar cumplimiento a la Ley de Transparencia y acceso a la información y los responsables de la actualización.
LOCALES COMERCIALES - EL AGUILA VALLE
Lista de locales comerciales del municipio de El Aguila Valle del Cauca
ANM RUCOM Plantas De Beneficio Certificadas
El Decreto 1421 de 2016, exige la inscripción en el Registro Único de Comercializadores de Minerales-RUCOM de los propietarios de las plantas de beneficio no asociadas a un proyecto minero con el fin de hacer seguimiento y control a la actividad de beneficio de los minerales, la cual consiste en el  proceso de separación, molienda, trituración, lavado, concentración y otras operaciones similares, a que se somete el mineral  extraído para su posterior utilización o transformación para su posterior enajenación.
Park Locations
Information about Nashville's many parks and public green spaces. Includes what amenities each park offers the citizens and visitors of Music City.
Directorio Alcaldía de Alejandría
Directorio de empleados de la Alcaldía de Alejandría. Información y datos de contacto
Equipamientos De Sitios Turísticos del Municipio de Candelaria Valle
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición los Sitios Turísticos que hay en el municipio de candelaria valle tanto en la Cabecera Municipal como en el área Rural.
OS - Percentage of high-volume processes with feedback tools
Complete and effective customer feedback loops that are used to inform operational improvements and decisions will be identified for the Department’s 20 highest volume externally facing processes.
Melbourne Bike Share Station Readings 2011-2017
<b>This dataset show the historical Melbourne Bike Share dock usage. This program came to an end in Novemer 2019.</b>  This dataset contains the historical dock readings from sensors in Melbourne's Bike Share. Melbourne Bike Share is a joint RACV/Victorian Government bicycle hire scheme. This dataset contains the locations of all of the bike share pods, the number of bikes located at each pod and the number of empty slots at the pod.
Consultas de Medicina General
Consultas de Primera vez y de Control de Medicina General realizadas a los usuarios en las diferentes IPS de la Empresa Social del Estado Pasto Salud.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
El Índice de información clasificada y reservada del Consejo Profesional Nacional de Ingeniería - COPNIA.
Total de Inventario Carga Aforada Municipio de Armenia
Total de Inventario Carga Aforada Municipio de Armenia a Diciembre de 2019
Permiso de vertimientos con corte a 2018 Corpoboyacá
Permiso de vertimientos otorgados por Corpoboyacá con corte a 2018
Registro de activos de la información
El registro y clasificación de los Activos de Información es la base para la gestión de riesgos de seguridad de la información y para determinar los niveles de protección requeridos. Se denomina activo de información a los elementos que tienen valor para la organización, con relación a la información que se recibe, transforma y produce en la entidad, se reconocen además de los activos de información, otros tipos de activos que tienen especial interés, pues soportan y manejan la información existente en la entidad en las diferentes operaciones que se identifican para la gestión documental.
City of Cincinnati COVID-19 Response Report
*Beginning 5/18/2020, Response Reports will only be produced and posted on Wednesdays and Thursdays each week.  COVID-19 Daily Response Reports*. Reports include updates on changes to city services and department staffing, special event scheduling changes, as well as local, state, and federal policy changes.  This data set updates on Wednesdays and Thursdays during the COVID-19 response period.
INFORME DE MENSUAL DE EJECUCIÓN DE PRESUPUESTO
informe detallado de la ejecución del presupuesto del concejo municipal de Yopal
Cobertura de Matrículas I.E. El Carmen, Norte de Santander 2017
En el Siguiente conjunto de Datos Abiertos, encontrará el total de estudiantes matriculados en las instituciones Educativa del municipio de El Carmen, Norte de Santander 2017.
Utilization and payments of the Nova Scotia Special Dental Programs
The Nova Scotia Special Dental Programs provides eligible residents of Nova Scotia coverage for the following program areas: Maxillofacial Prosthodontics Program, Cleft Palate/Craniofacial Program, Individuals with Special Needs Oral Health Program, and the Exceptional Circumstance Program (Special Considerations – Adult). Includes the following data fields: Fiscal Year, Program Area, Program Area, Services Rendered, Amount Paid, Beneficiaries, Services Per Beneficiary, Paid Per Beneficiary.
Enhancing Microsimulation Models for Improved Work Zone Planning: Car-Following Data from Western Massachusetts (Instances)
The data describe freeway car-following behavior (such as velocity, acceleration, and relative position) for the car-following instances observed during 6 data collection runs, collected using an Instrumented Research Vehicle (IRV) along freeways and arterials in western Massachusetts in the summer of 2016 to better understand work zone driver behaviors. The USDOT Volpe National Transportation Systems Center (Volpe Center) identified, isolated, and classified individual car following instances from within the raw datasets (classification parameters included roadway type, level of congestion, and speed limit), then processed, refined, and cleaned the dataset.  This table contains the car-following instances recorded by Volpe staff. See also the runs table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/b3k6-qwyh) and radar table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/4qbx-egtn).
PERSONAL ARTISTICO Y DE APOYO CASA DE LA CULTURA JORGE ELIECER GAITAN
Listado de docentes musicales,talleristas entre otros , que se encuentran vinculados al personal artistico y de apoyo a la gestión de la casa de la cultura jorge eliecer gaitan, en el municipio de Villavicencio Meta Colombia
Cigarette Litter - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the June 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/68tXy5Z2lR5JveviJkulZa?t=1  Open from June 12 - 19, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 8,431 Insight Community Members. 2,323 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 2,346 respondents completed the survey: 2,323 Insight Community Members and 10 from the call to action button on our webpage and 23 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Transparency.Utah.Gov Total Record Count Data June 2015
This data contains the total amount of data sets submitted to Transparent.utah.gov by cities & towns, counties, school districts, colleges & universities, special service districts, interlocal districts, independent districts and state agencies from 2010-2015.
Resultados Desempeño Integral 2017 Municipios de Departamento del Atlántico
El ranking de desempeño de cada municipio se determina según los resultados de las evaluaciones de Eficacia, Eficiencia, Capacidad Administrativa, y Cumplimiento de Requisitos Legales. Este permite que se compare frente a los otros municipios y evalúa sus avances.   Los indicadores de Gestión y Entorno, no hacen parte de la medición porque son explicativos, pero son un insumo importante para la realización de las recomendaciones de mejoramiento reconociendo así sus debilidades, potencialidades y de qué manera se puede mejorar.
NYC Parks Daily Tasks Cleaning Routes, Fiscal Year 2016
This data contains a snapshot of the routes used by NYC Parks' mobile cleaning crews, and is accurate as of June 15, 2017. This data directly relates to https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Environment/NYC-Parks-Daily-Tasks-Cleaning-Records-Fiscal-Year/kwte-dppd, which contains records of the work performed by these cleaning crews.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of November 2017.</p>
2016 Census - Population by Employment Status (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Somerville_Analytics
Contains view count data for the top 20 pages each day on the Somerville MA city website.
ACT Truck Layby Areas
This dataset contains geometry and information relating to Truck Layby areas located within the ACT.
2016 Central Line-Associated Bloodstream Infections (CLABSI) Table (Original Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report CLABSIs from adult, pediatric, and neonatal intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, and medical/surgical wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html.
Project Level HUD Data Utah 2012
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents in Utah, summarized at the state, public housing agency (PHA), project, census tract, county, Core-Based Statistical Area and city levels as downloadable files
NNDSS - Table II. Spotted Fever Rickettsiosis to Syphilis
NNDSS - Table II. Spotted Fever Rickettsiosis to Syphilis - 2017.  In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.    Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:   C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.      U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     *Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.     † Case counts for reporting year 2017 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for tuberculosis are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.    § Illnesses with similar clinical presentation that result from Spotted Fever Group Rickettsia infections are reported as Spotted Fever Rickettsioses. Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever (RMSF), caused by Rickettsia rickettsii, is the most common and well-known Spotted Fever.
Ratio: Tax-Supported Debt Servicing to Tax-Supported Revenues
Tax-Supported Debt Service Ratio measures the ratio of tax-supported debt servicing to tax-supported revenues.
Medicare Resource Utilization Group (RUG) by State Aggregate Table, CY 2014
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Skilled Nursing Facility Utilization and Payment Public Use File (herein referred to as “Skilled Nursing Facility PUF”), with information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries residing in skilled nursing facilities.  The Skilled Nursing Facility PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), and submitted charges organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service.  This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.     Although the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF has a wealth of payment and utilization information about skilled nursing facility services, the dataset also has a number of limitations.  The information presented in this file does not indicate the quality of care provided by individual skilled nursing facilities.  The file only contains cost and utilization information.  Additionally, the data are not risk adjusted and thus do not account for differences in the underlying severity of disease of patient populations treated by providers.  For additional limitations, please review the methodology document available in the About tab.
DYCD Contractors
A list of all contractors providing service(s) to New York City youth and the amount of their contract
Servicios Oncologicos Declarados Por Prestadores Habilitados En El Valle Del Cauca 2018-3
Servicios Oncologicos Declarados Por Prestadores Habilitados En El Valle Del Cauca 2018-
Delitos en Bucaramanga enero 2010 a marzo del 2020
Georreferenciación de los delitos ocurridos en el municipio de Bucaramanga según la modalidad, conducta, móvil del agresor, móvil de la víctima, comunas de ocurrencia, fatales, no fatales y violencia sexual desagregado por curso de vida, sexo, mes y día de ocurrencia actualizado a junio del 2019
AAQOL Community Comments Oct 27 2016
Resolution No. 20131024-084 directed the City Manager to “ . . . conduct facilitated discussions . . . about Asian American quality of life issues in Austin; to produce a Community Scorecard; to develop strategies to address the findings of Asian-American Health Assessment, the facilitated discussions, and the Community Scorecard; and to report back . . . with recommendations for enhanced or new City programs and practices.”  For more information: marion.sanchez@AustinTexas.gov., https://asianlifeatx.bloomfire.com/, http://austintexas.gov/asianlifeaustin, https://www.facebook.com/AsianLifeATX.
Current Iowa Correctional System CBC Residential Population
This dataset contains de-identified individual offender data for offenders currently serving in an Iowa Community Based Corrections Residential Facility. Dataset includes information regarding age, sex, race, offense committed, and supervision status.
EPS Proactive Patrol Time
EPS Proactive Patrol Time measures the % of EPS patrol shift time that is spent engaged in proactive or preventative policing activities. When not engaging in proactive work, a patrol members time is spent either completing calls-for-service, administrative duties, or as “other” (e.g., getting set up for shift).    Proactive patrol work can be thought of as a policing investment that prevents or suppresses future criminality, or helps maintain public safety. Examples include patrolling a drinking establishment near closing time, searching out an individual with outstanding criminal warrants, or check in with a domestic-violence offender to ensure they are complying with their court ordered conditions.
Tarifa Servicio De Acueducto Y Alcantarillado
Tarifas de acueducto y alcantarillado para el nuevo casco urbano de Gramalote
Afiliados del Régimen Subsidiado año 2018
Afiliados del régimen subsidiado clasificados por género y zona, a corte marzo de 2018 del municipio de Rovira Tolima
Uganda HIV Patients' Dietary Patterns Dataset
This was a retrospective unmatched case control study, which targeted 583 (147 cases and 436 controls) HIV infected individuals attending HIV clinics at eleven USAID/SUSTAIN supported Ugandan RRH. The specific objectives were   1. To identify the foods commonly consumed by PLHIV attending HIV clinics at RRH in Uganda.  2. To compare dietary patterns of malnourished and non-malnourished HIV patients attending HIV clinics at RRH in Uganda.   3. To explore demographic, socio-economic and hospital care factors associated with dietary patterns among HIV patients attending HIV clinics at RRH in Uganda.   4. To identify and compare coping mechanisms during food scarcity between the malnourished and non-malnourished HIV patients attending HIV clinics at RRH in Uganda.
Plan General de Auditoria CDB 2019
Plan General de Auditoria de la Contraloria Distrital de Barranquilla, vigencia 2019
Weber County Occupational Projections 2012-2022
This data set contains employment projections for the Weber and Davis County MSA (Metropolitan Statistics Area) for 2012-2022.
Shared Mobility Pilot - Trip Segment Counts
This data was collected as part of The City of Calgary's two-year <a href="https://www.calgary.ca/Transportation/TP/Pages/Cycling/Cycling-Strategy/Shared-electric-scooter-pilot.aspx">shared electric scooter</a> and <a href="https://www.calgary.ca/Transportation/TP/Pages/Cycling/Cycling-Strategy/Bike-share-system.aspx">dockless bike share</a> pilots.  The trips in this dataset occurred between July 1st, 2019 and September 30th, 2019. Excluded from this dataset are trips that lasted fewer than 30 seconds or 100 metres, and trips where the geospatial data quality made it unsuitable for analysis.  In this dataset, trip segments have been generated from the road and pathway network. Each segment provides an aggregate count of the number of trips where any part of the GPS route for that trip intersects with the segment.
Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Provider by RUG Aggregate Report, CY 2014
The Skilled Nursing Facility Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Skilled Nursing Facility PUF) provides information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries residing in skilled nursing facilities. The Skilled Nursing Facility PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), submitted charges and beneficiary demographic and chronic condition indicators organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service.  This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Tooele City Police Crime Data
Tooele City Police & Crime data
Freight Activity
Weekly measures of freight activity during the COVID-19 pandemic
Feed the Future Malawi Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-Recode File
This dataset contains the analytical variables derived in the Women’s Empowerment in Agriculture Index WEAI analysis.  It is part of the 2015 Feed the Future Malawi Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence. The survey was designed to monitor program performance by periodic assessments of a number of standardized indicators.  A total of 1,021 households were interviewed, which provided data for the target sample size of 1,007 households and ensured the sample is representative of the seven districts covered in the interim assessment.  The unique identifiers in this individual-level file are pbs_id + idcode.
Identificación de talentos en las instituciones educativas
Estudiantes con algún tipo de talento en las instituciones educativas oficiales de la ciudad de Pereira.
Vacant Land - Industrial (2018) (DEPRECATED)
DEPRECATED - please see https://data.edmonton.ca/Sustainable-Development/Vacant-Land-Industrial/stt5-pzaa.  This inventory is a snapshot in time of vacant industrial land in Edmonton using data collected from January to December 2018. This dataset uses centroid points to geo-locate vacant industrial land parcels in the city. These points can be layered over top of the land parcel, to help give visual perspective. One land parcel can have more than 1 centroid point within it.  The data was generated by extracting vacant industrial land data from the City of Edmonton’s Tax Assessment Control System and provides a summary of vacant industrial land in Edmonton’s industrial areas . Explanations of zoning and land use classifications applicable in the industrial areas are given at the following site:   https://webdocs.edmonton.ca/InfraPlan/zoningbylaw/bylaw_12800.htm  A copy of this report can be viewed here:   http://www.edmontonindustrial.ca/documents/VILI_Report_Dec_2018_Final.pdf  A vacant lot is classified as a registered lot (serviced, un-serviced or shovel ready) that contains no permanent or temporary structures or developments at the time of inspection.  The City of Edmonton provides this information in good faith. While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of information contained in this report, the City of Edmonton provides no warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, completeness or correctness of information contained herein. The City of Edmonton disclaims any liability for the use of this information. No part of this material may be reproduced, in whole or in part, without acknowledgement.
COBERTURA MATRICULAS IE OFICIALES 2016 MUN. NEIVA
Cobertura Matriculas Instituciones Educativas Oficiales año 2016 Municipio de Neiva
Sistema De Nomenclatura Clasificación De Los Empleos Escala Salarial - Vigencia 2017 - Municipio De Galapa
Este conjunto de datos contiene la información concerniente al Sistema de Nomenclatura, Clasificación de los Empleos, Escala salarial del Municipio de Galapa para la Vigencia Fiscal 2017
Dispositions [Archived from February 13, 2018]
This is an archived version of the Dispositions dataset as it was originally released on February 13, 2018.
Emerging and Sustainable Cities Initiative: Surveys Answers
The Urban Dashboard allows to explore and compare more than 150 quantitative indicators, public opinion polls and interactive maps of intermediate cities in Latin America and the Caribbean. These are cities that have an outstanding economic and population growth, and receive technical assistance from the Emerging and Sustainable Cities Initiative (ESCI) of the IDB. This dataset was created to feed the urbandashboard.org platform. It contains all the survey questions and answers that took place in 25 ESCI cities and 5 megacities.<br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/idb/dataset/75uh-zme7</b></br></br>
Minimum Wage & Living Wage
This dataset contains information from the Hawaii Department of Labor, Wage Standards Division
Central Contract Line Item Spend
The Government Support Services (GSS) office within Office of Management of Budget (OMB) administers statewide central contracts for use by state agencies, school districts, and municipalities.  This dataset provides line item spend data as reported by vendors awarded central contracts through monthly submission of vendor usage reports.
Assessor's Office Secured Tax Roll 2013/2014
Assessor's Office Secured Roll for 2013/2014.  Secured Roll file with ownership names redacted: Assessed property values for the Alameda County residential and commercial properties including corrected values and new mailing addresses as of April 1, 2014.
Department of Revenue Services FY 2013-14 Tax Credit Carryforwards
Department of Revenue Services Tax Credit Carryforwards from Fiscal Year 2013-14 (July 1, 2013 through June 30, 2014) Filings
Kedougou Nutrient Diversity - Household Survey Dataset
This dataset contains household-level production data for Kedougou, Senegal. It was generated through a 2010 survey of 127 households across 38 villages in the region. Production data was collected at the household level. Quantitative reports of amounts produced for non-staple crops (fruits, vegetables, meat, and dairy) were not reliable because of difficulty recalling amounts produced and exchanged of highly seasonal and marginal food items. Quantitative production data was collected for fonio, maize, millet, peanuts, potatoes, rice, and taro. Qualitative, presence-absence data were collected for bissap, jakatu, cabbage, cassava, okra, and cowpea.
Testing Locations
Data from testing map 8/12/20 spreadsheet
UBICACIÓN CENTROS Y/O INSTITUCIONES DE DE SALUD
UBICACIÓN DE LOS CENTROS DE SALUD, EPS - HOSPITALES DEL MUNICIPIO DE SAN ROQUE
Establecimientos Educativos
Establecimientos Educativos de la parte urbana y rural de municipio de yopal.
Contracts: ESD: North Central: Fiscal Year 2014
Contracts for North Central ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
SUSPENSIONES
Suspensiones Febrero 2019
Feed the Future Malawi Commodity Balance Sheet: Soybean Meal
This data asset contains a time series of commodity balance sheets for soybean meal in Malawi, from 2005 to 2017. This secondary data was compiled from various sources and utilized to specifying a partial equilibrium model for soybeans in Malawi.
Driver Licenses and ID Cards Transferred to Washington
This data set shows monthly counts of new Washington State driver licenses and identification cards (ID) where customers presented licenses or IDs from other states or countries. The data is organized by Washington counties where the customers live. It shows where the previous driver licenses or ID cards were issued.
Asotin County Library District Program Attendance
This dataset reports annual attendance at Asotin County (WA) Library District programs. The library district reports the figures annually to the Public Libraries Survey, administered by the Washington State Library in cooperation with the U.S. Institute of Museum and Library Services. For a detailed glossary of terms and more information about the survey, visit the Statistics page at the Washington State Library: https://www.sos.wa.gov/library/libraries/libdev/publications.aspx#WAStats
San Bernardino Census Tract Boundary Map
The cartographic boundary files are simplified representations of selected geographic areas from the Census Bureau’s MAF/TIGER geographic database. These boundary files are specifically designed for small scale thematic mapping.
Puntos Vive Digital en Zarzal
Listado de los puntos Vive Digital existentes en el municipio de Zarzal, Valle del Cauca
2017 Tract Population - Age
2017 tract population categorized by age. Data from ACS.
Medical Examiner Archive URL Import
This contains information about deaths that occurred in Cook County that were under the Medical Examiner’s jurisdiction. Not all deaths that occur in Cook County are reported to the Medical Examiner or fall under the jurisdiction of the Medical Examiner. The Medical Examiner’s Office determines cause and manner of death for those cases that fall under its jurisdiction. Cause of death describes the reason the person died. This dataset includes information from deaths starting in August 2014 to the present, with information updated daily.
2018 Orthographic Photography Tiles
Map of orthographic photography tiles for the City of Winnipeg for 2018.  The tiles link to the specific .ecw file for that area, with each file being on average 70MB in size.  Click the 'download' link to get the .ECW tile file.
Workers Compensation Program Cost
This dataset contains all actual expenditures on workers compensation, which includes claims and program costs. Estimates for current years, when shown, are based on projections from quarterly analysis.
City Workforce
Data on the City of Janesville's workforce
Building Permits - Contractors
Contractors associated with permits issued by Planning and Development Services in San Diego County since 2005 (updated daily). Data published in the BLDS data format (http://permitdata.org)
Registro de Activos de Información
Es el inventario organizado de la información que se encuentra en posesión, custodia o bajo control de la E.S.E, independientemente del formato físico o electrónico. Es útil para identificar la información que posee la entidad y en dónde puede ser consultada, ayuda a preservar la memoria institucional y por tanto facilita la continuidad en los procesos administrativos y de gestión.
Daños Red de Distribución 2019
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE DAÑOS  AL MES EN LA RED DE DISTRIBUCIÓN DE AGUA
EJECUCIÓN DE GASTOS ANUAL VIGENCIA 2016
Ejecución de Gastos con corte del 01 de Enero de 2016 al 31 de Diciembre de 2016
2016 Census - Dwelling Unit by Structure Type and Ownership (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
OD0030 Physician, Hospital And Nursing Home Statistics from 2009
An analysis of physician, hospital, and nursing home statistics for Prince Edward Island, from 2009.    The number of practicing physicians is the number of full-time equivalent positions filled by physicians as of December of each year.  It does not include locum or out-of-province visiting physicians.The number of funded beds in licensed private nursing homes is as of December of each year.     Prince Edward Home beds – note that from 2009 to 2013, the numbers include convalescent/restorative beds, as well as beds for under 60 year old residents.  In 2014 a new Prince Edward Home was constructed.
FY18 MWBE Gender & Ethnicity Report
This dataset shows the breakdown of City of Memphis FY18 spend with minority and women owned business enterprises (MWBEs) by gender and ethnicity. Please note that SAIC subcontractor spend was reported by a third party entity and is not available by ethnicity and gender.
Small Area Demographic Estimates by Age, Sex, Race and Hispanic Origin
The race categories comply with the U.S. Office of Management and Budget 1997 revised standards for race and ethnicity data collection and reporting.  Population is estimated for six race categories and two ethnic origin categories:     Race:         1. White         2. Black or African American (Black)         3. American Indian or Alaska Native (AIAN)         4. Asian         5. Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (NHOPI)         6. Two or More Races     Ethnic Origin:         1. Hispanic or Latino         2. Non-Hispanic or Latino  A person of Hispanic or Latino origin can be of any race.  The Total population is the Non-Hispanic plus the Hispanic population.
Foreign Born in the Population by City, 2016
Foreign Born in the Population by City, 2016. Includes naturalized and non-naturalized foreign-born populations. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP02.
MATRICULAS INICIALES 1ER SEMESTRE 2017
Cantidad de matrículas iniciales realizadas en el primer semestre del año 2017 en el Municipio de Copacabana
Average Daily Membership By Charter School In Utah FY 2014
Average Daily Membership By Charter School In Utah FY 2014
Accidentalidad Vial Municipio de Medellín 2017
Accidentes de tránsito registrados por la Secretaría de Movilidad de la Alcaldía de Medellín,  en el año 2017.   Se entiende por accidente de tránsito: "evento, generalmente involuntario, generado al menos por un  un vehículo en movimiento, que causa daños a personas y bienes involucrados en él, e igualmente afecta la normal circulación de los vehículos que se movilizan por la vía o vías comprendidas en el lugar o dentro de la zona de influencia del hecho". (Ley 769 de 2002 - Código Nacional de Tránsito)
Building Permits
All building permits issued or in progress within the city of Seattle.
Open Data Inspector (ODI) - Datasets
Data record audit of datasets within the MD Open Data Portal on https://opendata.maryland.gov (Socrata).
Establecimientos de Sanidad Militar
Listado de Establecimientos de Sanidad Militar
Vital Signs: Fatalities From Crashes – by metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Injuries From Crashes (EN4-6)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Fatalities from crashes (traffic collisions)    LAST UPDATED  October 2017    DESCRIPTION  Fatalities from crashes refers to deaths as a result of injuries sustained in collisions. The California Highway Patrol includes deaths within 30 days of the collision that are a result of injuries sustained as part of this metric. This total fatalities dataset includes fatality counts for the region and counties, as well as individual collision data and metropolitan area data.	    DATA SOURCE  National Highway Safety Administration: Fatality Analysis Reporting System    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  The data is reported by the National Highway Safety Administration's Fatalities Analysis Reporting System. 2016 data comes from the California Highway Patrol (CHP) to the Statewide Integrated Traffic Records System (SWITRS), which was accessed via SafeTREC’s Transportation Injury Mapping System (TIMS). The data was tabulated using provided categories specifying injury level, individuals involved, causes of collision, and location/jurisdiction of collision (for more: http://tims.berkeley.edu/help/files/switrs_codebook.doc). Fatalities were normalized over historic population data from the US Census and California Department of Finance and vehicle miles traveled (VMT) data from the Federal Highway Administration.    For more regarding reporting procedures and injury classification see the California Highway Patrol Manual (http://www.nhtsa.gov/nhtsa/stateCatalog/states/ca/docs/CA_CHP555_Manual_2_2003_ch1-13.pdf).
NCHS - VSRR Quarterly provisional estimates for selected birth indicators
Provisional estimates of selected reproductive indicators. Estimates are presented for: general fertility rates, age-specific birth rates, total and low risk cesarean delivery rates, preterm birth rates and other gestational age categories.
CLUBES DEPORTIVOS DE LA CIUDAD DE PEREIRA
Clubes deportivos de la ciudad de Pereira en diferentes disciplinas deportivas.
EMS Incident Dispatch Data
The EMS Incident Dispatch Data file contains data that is generated by the EMS Computer Aided Dispatch System. The data spans from the time the incident is created in the system to the time the incident is closed in the system.  It covers information about the incident as it relates to the assignment of resources and the Fire Department’s response to the emergency. To protect personal identifying information in accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), specific locations of incidents are not included and have been aggregated to a higher level of detail.
Residuos peligrosos por actividad productiva
Información que contiene la cantidad de residuos peligrosos generados por actividad productiva (CIIU), correspondiente al período 2017, en la jurisdicción de Corantioquia.
ACS - Population by Race
American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, 2010–2017
Public Schools
Address and Locations of all Public Schools in Montgomery County, MD.
2015 - Shelter And Rescue Statistics
This list provides the individual 2015 Statistics for the Animal Rescues and Animal Shelters that are PACFA licensed in the State of Colorado as of July 11, 2016. The numbers in this data set were provided by each individual facility, if you have questions about the numbers please call the facility directly.  If you have general questions please send an email to adrienne.bannister@state.co.us. If you are aware of a facility that is not licensed please complete a complaint form on our website (www.colorado.gov/aginspection/pacfa) so that we may investigate the reason they are not currently licensed.
Strategic Measure_Number and percentage of creeks and lakes in good or excellent health
Strategic Direction 2023 (SD23) Measure HE.D.3 reports the number and percentage of creeks and lakes in good or excellent health. This measure is calculated every two years using the monitoring data from the Watershed Protection Department's Environmental Integrity Index (EII) and Austin Lakes Index (ALI) programs. These programs monitor and assess the chemical, biological, and physical integrity of Austin’s creeks and lakes.  Note: Due to software limitations, the scores for one biennial reporting period (e.g., FY2013/2014) are repeated twice in the dataset in order to enable the creation of data visualizations that require annual reporting.  View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/d5yi-gac8
POBLACION POR GRANDES GRUPOS ETAREOS
pablacion de grupos etareos de Gramalote
Winnipeg Election Results
Comprehensive archive of the City of Winnipeg election results going back to 1966.  The results are shown for Mayor, Councillor and School Trustees where the data is available.
Datos del talento humano del área de TIC
Esta información corresponde a los datos personales del personal que trabaja en el área de TIC de la Alcaldía Municipal de Granada Meta
Strategic Measure_EOA.D.2
This dataset supports measure EOA.D.2 of SD23 Data Source: U.S. Census Bureau Calculation: # of vacant housing units/total # of total housing units Measure Time Period: 2015-2017 Automated: No Date of last description update: 04.01.2020  View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/gads-qvs9
Programacion Alimentación Escolar Municipio de Pasto a 30-04-2019
Permanencia escolar de los niños, niñas, adolescentes y jóvenes, registrados en la matrícula oficial, fomentando hábitos alimentarios  del Municipio de Pasto 2019
Data on food consumption in Zinder and Maradi in Niger: Section 3
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the third spreadsheet of tenin the Data on food consumption in Zinder and Maradi in Niger.
Veterans: Median Income and Poverty by City, 2016
Veterans: Median Income and Poverty by City, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
OD0016 Drivers By Class
This data set applies to the Total Number of Drivers per Class and are recorded as of April 1.
Community paved areas 2019
This dataset contains information of areas that are classified as community pavements in the ACT.  This dataset is up to date as of August 2019.  This data compliments the Footpaths in the ACT 2019 dataset available at https://www.data.act.gov.au/Transport/Footpaths-in-the-ACT-2019/ee7d-h7nm
2015 San Diego County Demographics - Housing Statistics
Proportion of income on housing: Monthly housing costs as a percentage of household income in the past 12 months. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2503, B25064, and DP04.
Congress District Breakdowns
Demographic statistics broken down by congress districts
Índice de información clasificada y reservada Unipamplona
ÍNDICE DE INFORMACION CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
King County School Based Health Centers
What began in 1989 as a modest pilot program at Rainier Beach High School is now a model for an effective school-based health care system, serving over 10,000 elementary, middle and high school students each year across King County (and part of a larger Washington State network).
Provider of Services File - OTHER - December 2019
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).  The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
City and County of San Francisco - LIVES standard feed info
This is the feed information for the LIVES standard dataset available here: https://data.sfgov.org/d/7bjp-f3sp. It contains basic metadata about the feed for use by developers using the data.
Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: 2017 Part D Prescriber
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Part D Prescriber Public Use File (PUF), with information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP). The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name. For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost. The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.    Although the Part D Prescriber PUF has a wealth of information on payment and utilization for Medicare Part D prescriptions, the dataset has a number of limitations. Of particular importance is the fact that the data may not be representative of a physician’s entire practice or all of Medicare as it only includes information on beneficiaries enrolled in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program (i.e., approximately two-thirds of all Medicare beneficiaries). In addition, the data are not intended to indicate the quality of care provided. For additional limitations, please review the methodology document in the About tab.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Departamento de Caldas, Municipio de Chinchiná
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas del Departamento de Caldas
Inventario de Luminarias Municipio de El Retorno
El conjunto de datos contiene los tipos de luminarias que se utilizan en el alumbrado público del municipio de El Retorno, Guaviare.
Death Registrations 1864-1877, 1908-1968; City of Halifax 1890-1908
Civil registration of deaths in Nova Scotia began in 1864, continued to 1877, then lapsed until 1908, when the province resumed record-keeping. Registrations for 1864-1877 are incomplete. There are two registers for the city of Halifax 1890-1908. Since 1 October 1908, the records have been maintained without interruption.
Healthcare Associated Infections - Hospital
The Healthcare-Associated Infection (HAI) measures - provider data. These measures are developed by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and collected through the National Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN). They provide information on infections that occur while the patient is in the hospital. These infections can be related to devices, such as central lines and urinary catheters, or spread from patient to patient after contact with an infected person or surface. Many healthcare associated infections can be prevented when the hospitals use CDC-recommended infection control steps.
Contratacion Directa Enero Junio 2016
conjunto de datos, sobre los difrerntes contratos efectuados los 6 primeros meses de adminsitración en el Municipio de Tangua Nariño, modalidad contratación directa
Chicago Traffic Tracker - Historical Congestion Estimates by Segment - 2011-2018
This dataset contains the historical estimated congestion for  1270 traffic segments, in selected time periods from August 2011 to May 2018. Newer records are in https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/sxs8-h27x. The most recent estimates for each segment are in https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/n4j6-wkkf.    The Chicago Traffic Tracker estimates traffic congestion on Chicago’s arterial streets (non-freeway streets) in real-time by continuously monitoring and analyzing GPS traces received from Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) buses. Two types of congestion estimates are produced every 10 minutes: 1) by Traffic Segments and 2) by Traffic Regions or Zones. Congestion estimates by traffic segments gives observed speed typically for one-half mile of a street in one direction of traffic. Traffic Segment level congestion is available for about 300 miles of principal arterials. Congestion by Traffic Region gives the average traffic condition for all arterial street segments within a region. A traffic region is comprised of two or three community areas with comparable traffic patterns. 29 regions are created to cover the entire city (except O’Hare airport area). There is much volatility in traffic segment speed. However, the congestion estimates for the traffic regions remain consistent for a relatively longer period. Most volatility in arterial speed comes from the very nature of the arterials themselves. Due to a myriad of factors, including but not limited to frequent intersections, traffic signals, transit movements, availability of alternative routes, crashes, short length of the segments, etc. Speed on individual arterial segments can fluctuate from heavily congested to no congestion and back in a few minutes. The segment speed and traffic region congestion estimates together may give a better understanding of the actual traffic conditions. Current estimates of traffic congestion by region are available at http://bit.ly/Vz3rIh.
pln_otc_step_therapy [test]
Plan Finder dataset pln_otc_step_therapy [test], released on 2020-10-22.
Ejecución Presupuestal Mensual Detallada de la Cámara de Representantes
En este conjunto de datos usted puede consultar la información histórica de la ejecución presupuestal mensual acumulada de la Cámara de Representantes.
Licensed LP Gas Companies in Utah 2015
This data set contains a list of Licensed LP Gas Companies in Utah As of March 2, 2015
Annual Collision Report: Collision Severity
Severity of Collisions by Population and Road Users
Incidentes disciplinarios en las escuelas públicas de Puerto Rico: Año escolar 2013-2014
Contiene los incidentes disciplinarios que las escuelas públicas reportaron al Departamento de Educación de Puerto Rico durante el año escolar 2013-2014.  Cada fila representa un incidente independiente y para cada incidente hay información sobre la escuela en la cual ocurrió el mismo, el tipo de incidente, la cantidad de estudiantes que participaron del incidente y a qué grado pertenecían.
State Historic Preservation Office- Tax Credit Program Activity
This listing provides an overview of the SHPO tax credits issued in FY 2020.
Seattle IT Network Uptime Percentages
Network uptime and availability data for Department IT Service Dashboards
2014 - 2015 Demograpic Snapshot
Report on Demographic data in NYC public schools student populations served by grade, ethnicity, gender, special programs; in response to local law 59.
Monthly Residential Energy Use
Actual electricity and natural gas meter reads for homes that participated in ME2/California Energy Upgrade pilot.  Value is kWh or therms.  Improvement date is the date that the energy upgrade was invoiced.
Research Payment Data – Detailed Dataset 2017 Reporting Year
All research-related payments from the 2016 program year [January 1 – December 31, 2017]
Vehicles in Housing Unit, 2016
Vehicles in Housing Unit, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP04.
Plan De Compras 2017
El principal objetivo del Plan Anual de Adquisiciones es permitir que la entidad estatal aumente la probabilidad de lograr mejores condiciones de competencia a través de la participación de un mayor número de operadores económicos interesados en los procesos de selección que se van a adelantar durante el año fiscal, y que el Estado cuente con información suficiente para realizar compras coordinadas.
Notifiable Diseases Counts and Rates By Age Group 2014-2017
Counts and rates (per 100,000 population) of notifiable diseases reported in Nova Scotia by age group for 2014-2017.
Top 25 Employers: 1995 - 2019
Provides the number of full time equivalent employees working at the City of Cambridge's 25 largest employers.  Data collected annually and provided for the years 1995 through 2019. Please see attached document for additional details and footnotes.
Delirium
Basic Metadata Note: This is the HCUP definition. There is crossover with other conditions defined by other sources, including dementia and Alzheimer's disease, and personality disorders. *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.  **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.  ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander. ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Hospitales y clínicas de Guadalajara de Buga / Hospitals and clinics of Guadalajara de Buga
Información básica sobre los hospitales y clínicas de atención en servicios de salud y urgencias de Guadalajara de Buga la cual puede ser consultada por el sector turístico, habitantes del municipio y municipios cercanos para la atención básica, servicio de urgencias, cirugía y hospitalización. / Basic information about hospitals and clinics of health and emergency services in Guadalajara de Buga which can be consulted by the tourism sector, inhabitants of the municipality and nearby municipalities for basic care, emergency services, surgery and hospitalization.
Total de alumnos matriculados en el año 2019 para educación básica y media en el municipio de La Argentina Huila
En el municipio de La Argentina Huila hay 3129 estudiantes matriculados en las Instituciones Educativas del municipio de acuerdo al reporte del SIMAT.
Expense Budget--Debt Service Statement II
Dataset shows the funded debt outstanding and debt service payable to bondholders during the next fiscal year. Debt and Debt Service is shown by category/purpose for which the debt was issued and is further classified as to the amounts that are exempt or not exempt from the Constitutional Debt Limit. All amounts are in dollars and information is updated twice per year at the Executive and Adopted budgets.
2011 Housing Market Typology
The Typology will assist city government, local foundations and non-profits to understand local market strengths and to appropriately match neighborhood strategies to market conditions, for the best use of public and private resources. In addition, the typology will inform neighborhood level planning efforts and provide residents with an understanding of the local housing market conditions in their communities. Regional Choice: Competitive housing markets with high owner-occupancy rates and high property values in comparison to all other market types. Foreclosure, vacancy and abandonment rates are low.  Middle Market Choice: Housing prices above the city��_��s average with strong ownership rates, and low vacancies, but with slightly increased foreclosure rates.  Middle Market:  Median sales values of $91,000 (above the City��_��s average of $65,000) as well as high homeownership rates. These markets experienced higher foreclosure rates when compared to higher value markets, with slight population loss.  Middle Market Stressed: Slightly lower home sale values than the City��_��s average, and have not shown significant sales price appreciation. Vacancies and foreclosure rates are high, and the rate of population loss has increased in this market type, according to the 2010 Census data.  Distressed Market: , Have experienced significant deterioration of the housing stock. This market category contains the highest vacancy rates and the lowest homeownership rates, compared to the other market types.  It also has experienced some of the most substantial population losses in the City during the past decade.
Council on Open Data: Meeting Content December 2017
Council on Open Data Meeting documents including meeting agenda, sign-in sheet, presentation, and minutes.
2015-16 Health Education HS Level
Local Law 14 (2016) requires that NYCDOE provide citywide health education data, disaggregated by community school districts, city council district and each individual school.  Reports school level data on the number of students that received a semester (one credit) of health instruction, as well as the number of June & August graduates meeting the HS health requirements for the 2015-16 school year.  Note students are not required to receive health instruction at any particular grade level in high school, only prior to graduating.  Values less than 100% do not necessarily imply that students graduated without meeting credit requirements. These values may indicate missing or incomplete historical transcript data.
Environmental Nuisance Docket 5-7-2019
Environmental Nuisance Docket from City Council Public Hearing held on 5-7-2019
Phone Survey - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the September  2014 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=86&t=1. Open from Sept 08 - 15, 2014. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1291 Insight Community Members. 703 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 54%. A total of 919 respondents completed the survey: 703 Insight Community Members and 216 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Vermont Vendor Payments
A list of all State of Vermont payments to vendors.   The payments shown here are exclusive of direct payments to state employees for salaries, benefits, and, prior to May 2013, employee reimbursable expenses. The payments are also exclusive of any payments deemed confidential by state and/or federal statutes and rules, or the confidential nature of the recipients of certain payments, like direct program benefit payments. (Approximately 1% of all non-employee payments are excluded under these guidelines.)  Payments are made through the VISION statewide financial system. Agencies and departments are responsible for entering their transactions into VISION. While VISION is the state’s principal financial system, it is not the sole financial system in use by the state.  This data is not intended to be legal advice nor is it designed or intended to be relied upon as authoritative financial, investment, or professional advice. No entity affiliated with, employed by, or constituting part of the state of Vermont warrants, endorses, assures the accuracy of, or accepts liability for the content of any information on this site.
Registro de Activos de Informacion
Esquema de Publicacion de la Informacion
FY2015 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Tool And Die Without Reporting Requirements
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/FY2015-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report/7yau-8nzf
Transparency – Utah Local Government Expense 2014
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
Juntas De Acción Comunal 2015 San Pedro de Cartago
Este conjunto de datos contiene los nombres de las veredas del Municipio de San Pedro de Cartago y su respectivo presidente de junta de acción comunal.
Budget - 2013 Budget Ordinance - Positions and Salaries
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1, 2013.This dataset displays the positions and related salaries detailed in the budget as of January 1. It is extracted from the personnel portion of the Appropriation Ordinance. The dataset presents the position titles (without names) and salaries described in the budget, but does not provide a reflection of the current city workforce with full names and salaries. Disclaimer: the “Total Budgeted Units” column displays either A) the number of employees AND vacancies associated with a given position, or B) the number of budgeted units (ie. hours/months) for that position. “Position Control” determines whether Total Budgeted Units column will count employees and vacancies or hours/months. If a Position Control is 1, then employees and vacancies are displayed; if a Position Control is 0, then the total number of hours/months recorded is displayed. Owner: Budget and Management. Frequency: Data is updated annually. For information on the current city workforce, with names, positions and salaries, visit the "Current Employee Names, Salaries, and Position Titles" dataset: http://j.mp/iutKlR.
LA County VMT by City (2016) (Modelled)
Emissions from passenger vehicles and trucks are estimated based on VMT by vehicle type. VMT for each jurisdiction is estimated using trip-based travel forecasting models developed by Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG). SCAG’s regional travel demand model analyzes transportation network and socioeconomic data such as population, household, and employment, to forecast daily vehicle trips for each traffic analysis zone (TAZ). Model outputs include: • Vehicle trips by type: including cars, light trucks, medium duty trucks, heavy duty trucks, and transit vehicles • Vehicle trip lengths by trip purpose • Vehicle trip origins and destinations  Based on vehicle trips analysis, VMT calculations are performed for all cities within LA County (except for the City of Avalon), including unincorporated areas that are under direct County control. Using CARB Emissions Factors (EMFAC) model, CO2 and N2O emissions are estimated by multiplying emissions rates with vehicle activity data in all cities and unincorporated areas within the South Coast (SC) sub-area and the Mojave Desert (MD) sub-area. Sub-area emissions are then disaggregated based on speed bin by time of day and vehicle profile to estimate GHG emissions from into passenger vehicle and heavy duty trucks.
Listado de ediles de la ciudad de Pereira
Listado de ediles de cada una de las comunas de la ciudad de Pereira
Community Crime Statistics
Data is provided monthly by the Calgary Police Service. This data is considered cumulative as late-reported incidents are often received well after an offence has occurred. Therefore, crime counts are subject to change as they are updated.  Crime count is based on the most serious violation (MSV) per incident. Violence:  These figures include all violent crime offences as defined by the Centre for Canadian Justice Statistics Universal Crime Reporting (UCR) rules.  Domestic violence is excluded. Break and Enter:   Residential B&E includes both House and ‘Other’ structure break and enters due to the predominantly residential nature of this type of break in (e.g. detached garages, sheds).  B&Es incidents include attempts. *Resident counts are pulled from the latest census data, and therefore undergo a change when new census data is collected and made available (typically in the summer).*
Cash on hand data
This data tracks the City's quantity of cash on hand by month.
2010 Special April - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
April 2010 special election; final/official results by precinct.
Instituciones Educativas Guarne 2015
Relaciones de las Instituciones Educativas Guarne 2015
Farmworker Housing Units
New and Rehabilitated Housing Units Through the Farmworker Housing Program
BASE DE DATOS TRAMITES MUNICIPIO DE TITIRIBI
BASE DE DATOS TRÁMITES MUNICIPIO DE TITIRIBI
Desempeño Fiscal San Vicente de Chucurí de 2000 a 2015
Contiene los resultados obtenidos por el Municipio de San Vicente de Chucurí entre el 2000 al 2015, según estudios territoriales del DNP.
Shared Ride Reservations at Port Authority of NY NJ Airports: Beginning 2005
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey quarterly produces a data file and provides information on Shared Ride (airport transportation services by authorized vehicles) reservations. Shared Ride service is defined as multiple stop “door to door” services by authorized providers.  Although both reservation and passenger number for Shared Ride are simultaneously registered at the Port Authority’s Welcome Center when an individual makes a reservation, the Port Authority’s Ground Transportation Information System (GTIS) counts reservation numbers and passenger numbers separately as one reservation can have multiple passengers. This Shared Ride Reservation dataset reflects only the Shared Ride reservations.
State Drug Utilization Data 2000
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
ITA-Percentage of clients highly likely to recommend Global Markets assistance
This indicator illustrates the level of client satisfaction with Global Markets and will be used to improve the quality and efficiency of service delivery.
Ubicación de los semáforos del Municipio de La Dorada
Este conjunto de datos, contiene la ubicación exacta de los semáforos del municipio de La Dorada.
2019 NYC Open Data Plan: FOIL Summary Statistics
Local Law 7 of 2016 requires agencies to “review responses to freedom of  information law [FOIL] requests that include the release of data to determine  if such responses consist of or include public data sets that have not yet been  included on the single web portal or the inclusion” on the Open Data Portal.  Additionally, each City agency shall disclose “the total number, since the last  update, of such agency’s freedom of information law responses that included the  release of data, the total number of such responses determined to consist of or include  a public data set that had not yet been included on the single web portal and  the name of such public data set, where applicable, and the total number of such  responses that resulted in voluntarily disclosed information being made accessible  through the single web portal.”
Concrete/Hardware Weekly Repair Schedule
Concrete schedule for installation maintenance or repair of concrete structures (center medians, curbs, sidewalks and other concrete infrastructures)
USAID Construction Assessment, Primary Awards: Section 2
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the second spreadsheet of three in the USAID Construction Assessment, Primary Awards.
Total NJ Injury Crashes By County - No Private Properties
Number of injury crashes that occurred in each of the 21 counties of New Jersey and the total number of injury crashes for the years 2001 to current. Injury crashes that occurred on private properties are not included.
2012 Primary - Write In Candidate Final Tally by preccint
August 2012 primary election; data on write-in candidates
311 Service Requests (myGNV)
Non-emergency requests like pothole repairs or damaged street signs can be reported through the myGNV app or online (www.mygnv.org)
2014 Census - Previous Residence If Less Than One Year (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Streets Data -Historical Pavement Condition Index (PCI) Scores
Historical Pavement Condition Index (PCI) Scores by location.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias 2020
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias año 2020
Floodplain Study
The purpose of a floodplain study is to establish the 100-year floodplain limits within or near a development in order to preserve the natural resources within the 100-year floodplain, to protect property and persons, and to apply a unified, comprehensive approach to floodplain management. Update Frequency - Daily
State Building Energy Costs 2009-2013
Cost of Energy by Building and Energy Type
Dolekaina Market Grain Prices
Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics in Abuja, Nigeria on monthly prices for select markets in Kebbi State, Nigeria for January 2000 to December 2016.
EDADES ESTUDIANTES INCOLBALLET
EN LA SIGUIENTE TABLA SE EVIDENCIA LA CANTIDAD DE ESTUDIANTES POR EDAD
Rate PUF - 2018
The Rate PUF (Rate-PUF) is one of the files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The Rate-PUF contains plan-level data on individual rates based on an eligible subscriber’s age, tobacco use, and geographic location. These data either originate from the Rate Table template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
Medicare Skilled Nursing Facilities Provider by RUG Aggregate Table, CY 2013
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Skilled Nursing Facility Utilization and Payment Public Use File (herein referred to as “Skilled Nursing Facility PUF”), with information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries residing in skilled nursing facilities.  The Skilled Nursing Facility PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), and submitted charges organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service.  This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2013 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.     Although the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF has a wealth of payment and utilization information about skilled nursing facility services, the dataset also has a number of limitations.  The information presented in this file does not indicate the quality of care provided by individual skilled nursing facilities.  The file only contains cost and utilization information.  Additionally, the data are not risk adjusted and thus do not account for differences in the underlying severity of disease of patient populations treated by providers.  For additional limitations, please review the methodology document available in the About tab.
Metro Social Services Locations and Services Offered
Locations of Metro Social Services facilities and data showing hours of operation and what services are offered at each location.
DIRECTORIO EMPRESARIAL TURÍSTICO PEREIRA-RUTAS DE CAFÉS ESPECIALES
Sitios donde se puede tomar un cafe especial y de origen
Bluetooth Detection Locations
This shape file contains the location of Bluetooth Detection (sniffer) that are installed in the ACT region for monitoring the traffic flow.
City Health - Income Inequality
Income Inequality: Households with income at the extremes of the national income distribution (the top 20% or bottom 20%) (index)
Latin Cultural Organizations
Listing of Latin cultural organizations
Iowa Family Investment Program Recipients and Grants by Month and County
The Family Investment Program (FIP) is Iowa's Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF) program. FIP provides cash assistance to needy families, as they become self-supporting so children may be cared for in their own homes or in the homes of relatives.  Data are provided on the number of cases (families) served, the number of recipients served and the dollar value of the payments provided summed by month and county starting January 2011 and updated monthly. A case is defined as a family group who receives FIP assistance together. A recipient is an individual on a FIP case.
Voter Turnout by County  Data
Dataset showing the percent of voter age population that cast ballots in each midterm and general election by county since 2000.
Environmental Radiation Surveillance Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory Readings: Beginning 2009
This dataset measures the air and water near Knolls Atomic Power Lab and other locations (background) around NYS to determine the normal levels of radioactivity and monitors the influence of human activities on these levels. The site numbers represent the location from which samples are collected. This dataset is not designed, or intended to monitor releases from discharge points at a specific facility (e.g., a stack). The facility operator performs this type of monitoring to meet the requirements of its licensing agency (e.g., a federal agency or the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation). A column has been added for values which can be graphed. Readings where a less than value is displayed show a value that is less than the detection limit of the measurement method and are essentially equivalent to 0. Variations in detection limit are due to variations in sample collection and measurement instrument performance.
Roof - Building Permit
Permits related to replacing a roof covering in the City of Cambridge.
Foxwoods Slot Machine Contributions
Slot Machine Contributions to State of Connecticut
Ejecución Ingresos 2019 Alcaldía de Pereira
Ejecución de ingresos del año 2018 de la alcaldía de Pereira.
CIP Project Phase List
A list of Project Phases the County employs in managing and tracking its capital projects.
Listado de proyectos de ley en Legislapp 2020
Lista de registros que contiene la información básica de todos los proyectos de ley que se encuentran en la plataforma Legislapp del Ministerio del interior.
Hate Crimes 2017
A list of hate crimes as defined by the FBI UCR definition of hate crime.   AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided are for informational use only and may differ from official APD crime data. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results.  Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of August 2018.</p>
Solid Waste and Recycling Website Data
Data from the solid waste and recycling program. Visuals are pushed to the solid waste and recycling program website.
Job Sustainment
Jobs sustained from the expendatures or loans from the Public Works Board from 2000 to present, just using the main three programs
Cifras parciales de fallecidos por condición agrupada en siniestros de Tránsito y Movilidad en los años 2016 y 2017
Contiene la estadística de las cifras parciales de fallecidos por condición agrupada en siniestros de Tránsito y Movilidad en Colombia, en los años 2016 y 2017.
Evanston Energy and Water Benchmarking - 2018 Data Reported in 2019
The Evanston Energy and Water Benchmarking Ordinance (33-O16) requires all buildings in Evanston 20,000 square feet and greater to track and report their annual energy and water data to the City. The City then tracks this data and publishes it annually to show how energy and performance have changed over time. This dataset includes 2018 calendar year data for each City, Type I and Type II building that complied with the ordinance.  For more information on the ordinance, compliance process and rules please visit: www.cityofevanston.org/benchmarking.  The ordinance authorizes the City to share property-specific information with the public, beginning with the second year in which a building is required to comply. This view shows data for a single year.
Summer Events - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the first October  2014 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=109&t=1. Open from Oct 13 - 21, 2014. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1639 Insight Community Members. 898 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 55%. A total of 1146 respondents completed the survey: 898 Insight Community Members and 248 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund  (ARTF) - Project Allocations and Disbursements - BETA
This data represents allocations from the ARTF to specific projects. This dataset is a source for the Monthly Administrator's Report on Financial Status.
CPS 1.1 Family Preservation - Children Served By County FY2010-2019
Family Preservation Services (FPR) are services provided to the child and the family where the caregiver retains legal custody.    This chart counts children served in Family Based Safety Services Family Preservation Stages during the fiscal year.  Child count is both unduplicated and duplicated by stage of children in FPR stages during the fiscal year. Some children are in more than one Family Preservation Stage at the same time due to having separate caregivers with open stages or having more than one stage opened at different times within the same fiscal year.    NOTE:  Family Preservation Services is under the umbrella of Family Based Safety Services (FBSS).
Captaciones y Colocaciones por Municipio - Bancos
Presenta el detalle de las captaciones y colocaciones de las entidades financieras, discriminados por departamento y municipio, como apoyo a la función comercial de las entidades financieras y para efectos de supervisión por parte de esta Superintendencia.  Cifras en pesos
Renewable Energy Generated In Maryland
This data set describes the amount of energy generated annually by renewable sources in Maryland in megawatt hours (MWh).  In addition, there is a column which describes the percent of all energy generated in Maryland coming from renewable sources each year.  Renewable energy generation data comes from PJM's Generation Attribute Tracking System (PJM GATS).  Total generation comes from the U.S. Energy Information Administration's State Level Generation report, released in October 2016 with revisions in November 2016 (available at https://www.eia.gov/electricity/data.php#generation).
PDI (Police Data Initiative) CPD Shootings
Data Description: This dataset captures confirmed shooting events in the City of Cincinnati. Shootings events are captured in the Computer Aided Dispatch System (CAD), and are ultimately stored in the City's Records Management System (RMS).  No personal or identifying (or otherwise sensitive) victim or suspect information is included in this data set.   Data Creation: This data is created through the City’s computer-aided dispatch (CAD) system.  Data Created By: The source of this data is the Cincinnati Police Department.  Refresh Frequency: This data is updated daily.  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/xw7t-5phj  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
2005 Odd-Year Election Results
Votes received for statewide ballot issues by county in the 2005 election
Directorio de Establecimientos Educativos en los M
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas en los Municipios no Certificados  del Departamento de La Guajira
Census, Housing, 2012 American Community Survey
Selected Housing Characteristics (Table DP04) from the Census Bureau 2012 American Community Survey 1-Year Estimates
City of Albany Budget Summary: 2013
This data summarizes the 2013 adopted budget for the City of Albany.  Over the years, we've consolidated or eliminated departments, cut personnel, refinanced debt, reduced departmental expenditures, extended the life of our landfill, successfully lobbied for increase State aid and identified new sources of revenue.  These actions are the blocks upon which this budget is built, as they continue to have a recurring benefit to our bottom line.  It is important to note that, in fact, 84% of this budget, exclusive of debt services, is related to personnel costs.  The remainder is related to essential operating services, such as utility expenses; building maintenance; insurance costs and the like.
Strategic Measure_Median City Property Tax as a Percentage of Median Family Income
This dataset provides information about the median City property tax as a percentage of median family income (SD23 measure GTW.A.1). The Travis County Appraisal District (TCAD) property value file, the annually adopted City property tax rate, and median income data from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) all contribute to the data supporting this measure.  This data can be used to help understand trends of affordability and the cost of city services over time in Austin.  View more details and insights related to this dataset on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/7kz2-s6y2
1980 Census Detailed Census Tract Data
detailed 1980 characteristics of people and housing for individual 2010 census tract portions inside or outside KCMO
DOCENTES CONTRATO POR DESCRIPCIÓN 2018-2
Descripción de las categorías de los docentes por contrato de la Universidad del Quindio periodo 2018-2
AFD Fire Incidents 2014 January Thru December
Fire Incident data within City of Austin.  Fire Incidents ONLY - no medical, hazmat, rescues, or other problem types.  Calendar Year 2014
Población en condiciones de discapacidad sisbenizada. Año 2013 - 2017
Población en condiciones de discapacidad sisbenizada por municipios en el departamento
Mobile City Hall - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the first October  2014 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=109&t=1. Open from Oct 13 - 21, 2014. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1639 Insight Community Members. 898 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 55%. A total of 1146 respondents completed the survey: 898 Insight Community Members and 248 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Development Process Areas
This theme is an extract of Community Planning Areas, created by the Pierce County Planning and Land Services Department (PALS). The areas were then amended to follow RTSQ lines to enable spatial queries from the PALS PLUS Database. This dataset has not been registered to the ortho-based tax parcel dataset or the County boundary that is registered to geographic features such as center of rivers. The attribute information is current. Please read the metadata and for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_development_process_areas.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
PBJ Daily Nurse Staffing CY 2018Q2
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility.
Lab-confirmed Influenza Cases
Number of laboratory confirmed influenza cases by week
2012 Census - Population By Structure Type (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Restaurantes
Restaurantes del Municipio de Rovira
Listado Instituciones Educativas Chaparral Tolima 2017
Listado de todas las sedes educativas ubicadas en el municipio de Chaparral, Tolima hasta septiembre de 2017
Sedes y Entidades de la Administración Municipal Georeferenciadas
Ubicación de las dependencias y sedes descentralizadas de la Administración Municipal
Fire Stations
Location of fire stations throughout the Las Vegas / Clark County area
Colorado's Bridge Deck Condition Rate
Bridges in good condition typically have a rating from 80 to 100 and generally meet all safety and geometry standards. Good structures typically only require preservation-focused maintenance. Bridges in fair condition have a sufficiency rating from 50 to 80 and are qualified as structurally deficient or functionally obsolete. They marginally satisfy safety and geometry standards and require preservation-focused maintenance or occasional corrective rehabilitation work. Any bridge with a sufficiency rating of less than 50 and a status of structurally deficient or functionally obsolete is considered to be in poor condition. Bridges rated poor have exceeded their viable service life and require replacement or major rehabilitation.
Highway Quality in Colorado 2017
Highway segments and the various quality assurance data along with the overall grade, from the 2017 review of the Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT).
ANM RUCOM Explotador Minero Autorizado-Solicitudes De Legalización/Formalización
Solicitante de legalización de minería de hecho. Es aquella persona natural o jurídica beneficiaria de una solicitud de legalización de minería de hecho, la cual ostenta la calidad de explotador de minas de propiedad del Estado, sin título inscrito en el Registro Minero Nacional y el cual debe acreditar una serie de requisitos de fondo y forma, entre ellos que su actividad se desarrolle desde antes del 17 de agosto de 2001.  Solicitante de formalización de minería tradicional. Es aquella persona natural o jurídica beneficiaria de una solicitud de formalización de minería tradicional, la cual ha venido ejerciendo la actividad minera desde antes de la entrada en vigencia de la Ley 685 de 2001, sin título inscrito en el Registro Minero Nacional, y en un área específica de manera continua o discontinua, y que por las características socioeconómicas constituye la principal fuente de manutención y generación de ingresos.  (La norma que reglamenta esta figura sigue a la fecha suspendida por orden del Consejo de Estado)
eMaryland Marketplace Bids - Fiscal Year 2016
eMaryland Marketplace Bids for Fiscal Year 2016 (July 1, 2015 through June 30, 2016)
Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) Log - Offices Under the President
This log contains Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests for Offices Under the President. For more information on Offices Under the President and how to submit a FOIA request see https://www.cookcountyil.gov/service/freedom-information-act-offices-under-president . For information on FOIA for other county agencies, see https://www.cookcountyil.gov/service-categories/foia-requests-and-information.
311 Service Requests - Pot Holes Reported - Historical
As described in http://bit.ly/311HistoricalPost, the function of this dataset was replaced by https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/v6vf-nfxy. This dataset is historical-only.  The Chicago Department of Transportation (CDOT) oversees the patching of potholes on over 4,000 miles of arterial and residential streets in Chicago. CDOT receives reports of potholes through the 311 call center and uses a computerized mapping and tracking system to identify pothole locations and efficiently schedule crews.  One call to 311 can generate multiple pothole repairs. When a crew arrives to repair a 311 pothole, it fills all the other potholes within the block.  Pothole repairs are generally completed within 7 days from the first report of a pothole to 311. Weather conditions, particularly frigid temps and precipitation, influence how long a repair takes.  On days when weather is cooperative and there is no precipitation, crews can fill several thousand potholes.    If a previous request is already open for a buffer of 4 addresses the request is given the status of "Duplicate (Open)".  For example, if there is an existing CSR for 6535 N Western and a new request is received for 6531 N Western (which is within four addresses of the original CSR) then the new request is given a status of "Duplicate (Open)".  Once the street is repaired, the status in CSR will read “Completed” for the original request and "Duplicate (Closed)" for any duplicate requests.  A service request also receives the status of “Completed” when the reported address is inspected but no potholes are found or have already been filled.  If another issue is found with the street, such as a “cave-in” or “failed utility cut”, then it is directed to the appropriate department or contractor.   Data Owner: Transportation. Time Period: All open requests and all completed requests since January 1, 2011. Frequency: Data is updated daily.
LISTADO VEHICULOS MATRICULADOS POR PERIODO POR MARCA - 2016
Cantidad de vehículos matriculados en el Departamento del Atlántico durante el año 2016.
311 Call Center Service Requests
This data set contains call record data from the 311 call center in Kansas City, MO. This dataset used to be published under the name "KCMOPS311". This name was changed to make the dataset name more reflective of it's contents.
Construction Activities of Commercial Permits
This dataset contains data for all Commercial Building Permit applications issued in the last five years, including status and work performed.
Operating Budget Expenditures:  FY 2016 - Present
This dataset includes the breakdown/allocation of County expenditures.
FOIA Request Log - Finance
FOIA requests received by Finance, which includes Benefits Management, as of May 1, 2010
Variation of Temperature in Incubation System Following Pump Failure Trough 1 Incubators 16 and 32
InPort Dataset ID: 30878 InPort Entity ID: 35536 Trough 1, Incubators 16 and 32.
Vessel Operator System
Operator cards are required for any operator of a charter/party boat and or a commercial vessel (including carrier and processor vessels) issued a vessel permit from the Greater Atlantic Region and possessing or fishing for Atlantic Sea Scallops, Northeast Multispecies, Spiny Dogfish, Monkfish, American Lobster, Atlantic Herring, Atlantic Surfclam, Ocean Quahog, Maine Mahogany Quahog, Atlantic Mackerel, Loligo Squid, Illex Squid, Butterfish, Scup, Black Sea Bass, Golden Tilefish, Skates, Atlantic Deep-Sea Red Crab, or Atlantic Bluefish, in or from the EEZ.
Medicare Referring DMEPOS HCPCS State Aggregate table CY2013
The 2013 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Public Use File (herein referred to as “Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF”) presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.  The Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF contains data on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code and supplier rental indicator. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org). The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2013 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Conexiones Nuevas Saneamiento Hídrico 2015
REPORTE CON NÚMERO DE SOLICITUDES AL MES DE CONEXIÓN DE SANEAMIENTO HÍDRICO
[ARCHIVED] Health Statistics Mental Health 2001-2007
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports mental health conditions.  Geography available: district health authorities
All license plate reader data (ALPR)  4/1/14 thru 5/31/14
All license plate reader data ALPR
Performance Metrics - Innovation & Technology - Map Chicago Website Availability
The Map Chicago Website allows users to view neighborhoods, communities, political boundaries and points of interest throughout the city of Chicago. The percentage of the Map Chicago website uptime, the amount of time the site was available, and the target uptime for each week are available by mousing over columns. The target availability for this site is 99.5%.
Residuos sólidos Empresa de Aseo - parte 2 - Residuos sólidos dispuestos en el relleno sanitario años 2010 a octubre 2018
Información de las toneladas de residuos sólidos recolectadas por cada una de las 58 micro rutas de aseo desagregados por comunas, mes y año.
DIRECTORIO EMPRESARIAL TURÍSTICO PEREIRA-PARQUES TEMATICOS
Parques temáticos y de la ciudad de Pereira.
Student Disciplinary Incidents- Aggregated Data for All Public School Districts in St. Louis County
This dataset includes annual counts of student disciplinary incidents reported by all public school districts (including the Special School District) in St. Louis County to the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. ‘School Year’ represents the academic year ending in the year reported in the dataset. For example, School Year 2015 reflects incidents for the 2014-2015 academic year. Reported incidents only include those that required the removal of the student from the classroom for 10 consecutive days or more. Removals include in-school suspension, out-of-school suspension and expulsion.
Budget - 2021 Budget Recommendations - Positions and Salaries
This dataset includes recommended positions and salaries for 2021 by title (without names) and salary. The dataset is excerpted from the 2021 Budget Recommendations, which is the line-item budget proposed by the Mayor to the City Council for approval. Disclaimer: the “Total Budgeted Unit” column displays either A) the number of employees AND vacancies associated with a given position, or B) the number of budgeted units (ie. hours/months) for that position. “Position Control” determines whether Total Budgeted Units column will count employees and vacancies or hours/months. If a Position Control is 1, then employees and vacancies are displayed; if a Position Control is 0, then the total number of hours/months recorded is displayed.  This dataset follows the format of the equivalent datasets from past years except that  Division Code, Section Code, Subsection Code, and Position Control have changed from Number to Text (not all in the same year) in order to accommodate non-numeric values.  For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS204
Driver Feedback Sign DFS204    Latitude: 53.474214  Longitude: -113.459777    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Solar Electricity Supply for Energy Demand in City-Owned Buildings
This dataset shows the total amount of electricity demand and amount of solar energy supply for city-owned buildings.
Public Middle Schools With TPP Programs
Public Middle Schools With TPP Programs
Cooperative Weed Management Areas
List of contact information for all Cooperative Weed Management Areas in Oregon, including associations with county programs.    See also https://data.oregon.gov/d/9ut9-4jvn/data for County Weed Control Programs.
121  FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 1.2
Office of Law Performance Metrics Objective 1.2- Average response time to requests for transactional review. (in days), FY 2019 Proposed Budget
2011 Net Grand List by Town
The Grand List is the aggregate valuation of taxable property within a given town. The Total Net Grand Lists by Town Data includes a breakdown for taxable categories and exemptions under the following column headings:    Town Name, Residential, Commercial, Industrial, Public Utility, Vacant, Land Use, 10 Mill Forest, Apartments, Total Real, Real Exemptions, Total Net Real, Motor Vehicles, MV Exemptions, Total Net MV, Personal Property, Personal Property Exemptions, Total Net Personal Property, Total Net Grand List
NOAA - Annual number of OAR R&D products transitioned to a new stage(s) (development, demonstration, or application)
The measure captures the count of significant and discrete OAR research and development products that have transitioned to development, demonstration, or an application. Products include transitions occurring within OAR and applying group(s) outside of OAR. This includes research, development, and demonstration performed and supported by OAR as well as utilization of OAR R&D products by external parties.
University Of Hawaii - Degrees Awarded By Major, CIP, And Hawaiian Legacy
Degrees awarded for Fiscal Years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014,2015,2016,2017,2018
Permiso de vertimientos para prestadores de alcantarillado
Reporte de la información sobre los permisos de vertimientos de aguas residuales de los prestadores de servicios públicos de alcantarillado en los 29 municipios que hacen parte de la jurisdicción de CORMACARENA (Departamento del Meta)
Bicycle Routes Across New York State
Bicycle routes and recreational activities allowed on the route within New York State - https://www.dot.ny.gov/display/programs/bicycle. This list includes both on- and off-road bicycle routes and even includes information on surface type as well as other types of recreational activities allowed on the route.
DPS Non-Conforming Use Certificates
This dataset contains a list of DPS Non-Conforming Use Certificates. The term “non-conforming” applies to a land use which existed prior to the establishment of the zoning in a geographic area, or a change in zoning which makes the use no longer in compliance with the Zoning Ordinance.   Update Frequency : Daily
311 Dept SLA
Performance data on service requests received by departments from MC311. This dataset shows the total number of service requests for fulfillment, the number completed within the service level agreement (SLA), and the percent of service requests for fulfillment meeting the SLA.
MCPD Bias Incidents
This data will capture all incidents and criminal offenses that may be motivated by an offender's bias against a race, national or ethnic origin, religion, sex, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. Update Frequency:  Weekly
Delaware Checkbook Expenditure Details
Detailed Financial data on state purchases and payments made to vendors.
LA County Percent Local Water (2000-2017)
Data includes source and amount of water across LA County. Water is supplied across LA County by approximately 100 different suppliers, many of which source their water through Metropolitan Water District (MWD), the regional wholesale water agency. MWD imports water from the Bay-Delta via the State Water Project (SWP) and from the Colorado River via the Colorado River Aqueduct (CRA).  Since it was infeasible to compile data from all suppliers, MWD data for LA County (provided through a data request) was used to understand water sources for the entire county.  MWD identifies four main sources for LA County’s water: imported water, local groundwater and surface water, the Los Angeles Aqueduct (LAA, which supplies the City of Los Angeles only), and local recycled water.  For evaluation purposes, LAA supplies was considered to be imported water.  How much water came from each source was examined.  The most recent (2017) values to historical data (2000-2017) was compared. Note: Although City of LA counts conservation as part of their local water supply, this definition was not included in this analysis.
Anexo 5. ET
información de empresas de transportes
SUSPENSIONES
FEBRERO 2020
Laverkin City Police Data
LaVerkin City police and crime data
Trueblood Grant Service Data
Service data for the grant-funded Trueblood Diversion Program.
Municipality and Village Boundaries
This dataset delineates the municipal boundaries for towns and district, county and regional municipalities, as well the village boundaries for Nova Scotia.
Produccion y Regalias por Campo 2011
Las regalías son la contraprestación económica a favor del Estado por la explotación de recursos no renovables, como petróleo y gas, que se le otorgan a departamentos y municipios en cuyo territorio se adelantan explotaciones, y a los puertos por donde se transportan dichos recursos. Se incluyen los datos de producción de hidrocarburos y regalías, clasificados por departamento, municipio, contrato y campo durante el año 2011. Periodo 2011-enero hasta 2011-diciembre. Doce (12) ciclos.
Tarifa_Servicio_Transporte_Público_Municipal
Servico de transporte público que se le ofrece a la comunidad a los diferentes sectores y veredas del Municipio
Census Tracts 2018
Census Tracts for San Mateo County from 2018
NYC REACH Members
The location and facility information for doctors who participate in NYC Regional Electronic Adoption Center for Health (REACH), which assists providers in adopting technology and methods for electronic health records.
Distribución de los oficios ofertados en el Municipio, según su complejidad
Oficios ofertados en el Municipio , alta, media, baja complejidad
International open data sites 2016
This is a complete list of the cities, counties, and countries that offer open data websites. This list was provided by data.gov.
Pleasant Grove City Police_Crime Data
This data set contains Pleasant Grove City data.
Pit Tag Downloaded Data
InPort Dataset ID: 17979 InPort Entity ID: 36834 Downloaded data for PIT tagged fish detected in estuary wetland channels from juvenile salmon.
House Share Prohibited Buildings List
A list of buildings excluded from short-term rental activity under the Shared Housing Ordinance.  See https://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/bacp/provdrs/bus/alerts/2016/july/Prohibited_Buildings_List_Affidavit.html for more information on the exclusion process.
Feed the Future Northern Kenya Zone of Influence Survey Baseline - Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index (WEAI) Dataset
Feed the Future seeks to reduce poverty and undernutrition in 19 developing countries including Kenya by focusing on accelerating growth of the agricultural sector, addressing root causes of undernutrition, and reducing gender inequality.  This dataset (n=14,055, var=11) is the first of two datasets needed to calculate the WEAI-related measures. It contains Module G data from the primary adult (18+) female decisionmaker within each household (for the sub-sample of households with a primary adult female decisionmaker).
Bronx 311 DOE Requests And Complaints
DOE complaints and service requests via 311 database.
Historic Properties List
A list of properties that are landmarks,  are in historic districts, or were recommended for inclusion in a historic district.
TFD EMS Incidents by Chief Complaint
Fire EMS performance data - Incidents by Chief Complaint (Initially Dispatched As)
2010 Jackson County Race Census Data
2010 Decennial Census data on Jackson County Race data sorted by Census tract.   ID: P1, Table: RACE, Dataset: 2010 Redistricting Data SF (PL 94-171)
2017-2018 School Quality Report - High School
New York City Department of Education 2017 - 2018 School Quality Report Results for High School.  The Quality Review is a process that evaluates how well schools are organized to support student learning and teacher practice. It was developed to assist New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) schools in raising student achievement by looking behind a school’s performance statistics to ensure that the school is engaged in effective methods of accelerating student learning.
Directorio de las Comisarías de Familia del Departamento del Atlántico
Información básica de las Comisarías de Familia del Departamento del Atlántico
Accidentes de Transito 2017
Información de accidentes de transito en el municipio de Bucaramanga por año, mes, día comuna y gravedad del año 2017
FY2016 PMMR Agency Resources
NYC agency resources from the FY16 Preliminary Mayor's Management Report (PMMR), including expenditures (includes all funds), personnel, revenue and paid overtime  <i>Use ‘CSV for Excel’ when downloading this dataset and then sort in alphabetical order by Agency.<i>
2018 Polling Subdivision Units
Polling Subdivisions for the 2018 Election
Recreation & Parks Program Totals: Fall 2015 - Summer 2016
Data encompasses the number of participants enrolled in Howard County Recreation & Parks programs (I.e. Sports, Fitness, Nature & Environment, Camps etc...), by Season.
FY2011 F65 Township Part 1
F-65 Data Summary Township Part 1 2011
MBDA - Minority Business Contracts and Financing Awarded (millions)
Dollars leveraged (contracts and financing) through minority business export activity as a result of supplemental Global Pathways and Advanced Manufacturing grants from MBDA that support U.S. exports and manufacturing
Oficinas Atención Cliente ESSA
ESSA cuenta con personal calificado en las ventanillas de atención integral, en las cuales puedes presentar requerimientos e informarte de todos aquellos asuntos relacionados con tu factura y la prestación del servicio de energía.
Sutter County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Sutter County.
Living with Debt: How to Limit Risks of Sovereign Finance? - IPES 2007
This dataset was created to support 2007 IPES Living with Debt: How to Limit Risks of Sovereign Finance? and includes data on the following  topics: macroeconomics, social progress,  sovereign debt in Latin America    <br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/7cm5-ndt4</b></br></br>
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Head Start Centers – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2016-2017
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b> meal reimbursement for CACFP participating as Head Start centers for program year 2016-2017.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  <b> This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites participating as Head Start centers.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, Child Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care Centers, emergency shelters, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Demo Program Grants
On page 49 of the SYIP Part of the Special Project Grants
2016 Central Line-Associated Bloodstream Infections (CLABSI) Table – Critical Access Hospitals (Updated Baseline)
Oregon hospitals report CLABSIs from adult, pediatric, and neonatal intensive care units, and adult and pediatric medical, surgical, and medical/surgical wards as part of Oregon's mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html.
Establecimientos Educativos Quimbaya
Este set de Datos contiene informacion sobre colegios y escuelas rurales y urbanas de Quimbaya
2016 DOE High School Directory
Directory of NYC High Schools
Dam or Reservoir Failure Hazard Zone
This map shows the inundation hazard zones from dam and reservoir failure, based on modelling. The analysis was done by SFPUC in partnership with DEM and includes analysis of potential flooding from the following structures: Stanford heights - Agua Way and Teresita Blvd, Summit - La Avanzada St. and Palo Alto Ave., Sunset North - 28th ave and Ortega, Sunset South - 28th ave and Quintara, Sutro -  Clarendon ave and Olympia Way, University Mound North - University St and Bacon St., University Mound South - University St. and Bacon St.
City Employee Locations By Department
A listing of the number of City employees in each zip code, by Department. Data current as of December 31, 2013, and reflects addresses provided by employees to the City's Payroll system. Employee-entered zip codes flagged as errors are set by default to coordinates (39.52368635500045, -99.11415045099966).
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
El Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública que puede causar un daño a determinados derechos o intereses públicos (Reserva) o privados (Clasificación), por lo que no es publicable.
Hospice Compare - National CAHPS Hospice Survey Data
This data set contains the national average (mean) scores of Medicare-certified hospice agencies on the Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS®) Hospice Survey measures.
Monthly Economic Indicators
This monthly report contains comments, analysis and statistical illustrations of a set of economic indicators monitored by Corporate Economics that inform our forecasts.
Sandy City Assessed Property Tax Totals 2005-2014
This data set contains assessed property tax and real property tax for the city of Sandy Utah from 2005-2014
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of February 2019.</p>
County Boundaries
County Boundaries for Connecticut based on 2010 Census. Original metadata is available here: http://magic.lib.uconn.edu/magic_2/vector/37800/countyct_37800_0000_2010_s100_census_1_t.htm
7310P_Workforce Investment
Performance measures dataset
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Outside School Hours – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2018-2019
<b>About the Dataset</b><br>  This data set contains claims information for <b> meal reimbursement for CACFP sites providing care for students outside of school hours for program year 2018-2019.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  <b> This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites operating as centers providing care for students outside of school hours.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, Child Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care Centers, Head Start Centers, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  An overview of <b>all CACFP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/iekx-7mdi target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Child and Adult Care Food Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.<p>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP), and the summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i>
Smaller European Elm Bark Beetle Monitoring
Although Dutch Elm Disease is not yet established in Alberta, the Smaller European Elm Bark Beetle (Scolytus multistriatus), which carries the fungus that causes the disease has been found in several Alberta locations.   In Edmonton, the beetle is being monitored and effectively controlled by selective removal of trees.
2006-2015 City of Evanston Rates of Income Inequality
A comparison of GINI Coefficients between Evanston and the national average.   The GINI index, a measure of statistical dispersion intended to represent income distribution, is used to assess income inequality.  This number, which ranges between 0 and 1, is based on residents' net income and helps define the gap between the rich and the poor, with 0 representing perfect equality and 1 representing perfect inequality.
Kings County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Kings County.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Guatemala, 2004 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Guatemala as part of its 2004 round surveys.   The 2004 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and Cedatos.
CPI 3.4 Abuse/Neglect Investigations - Case Actions by Region FY2010-FY2019
Child Protective Investigations (CPI) conducts either a traditional investigation or Alternative Response (AR).  Both require CPI to assess safety and take needed actions to protect a child and assess the risk of future abuse or neglect in the foreseeable future.  AR, however, allows for a more flexible, family engaging approach on lower priority cases involving alleged victims who are age 6 or older.    AR differs from traditional investigations in that there is no substantiation of allegations, no entry of perpetrators into the Central Registry (a repository for reports of child abuse and neglect), and there a heightened focus on guiding the family to plan for safety in a way that works for them and therefore sustains the safety.  Completed investigations only include those cases conducted as a traditional investigation that were not administratively closed or merged into another stage. An investigation can only be administratively closed if all allegations have a disposition of administrative closure. A completed investigation can include more than one alleged victim. Completed investigations do not include any Alternative Response cases. A description of Alternative Response and how it differs from a traditional investigation is in the CPS glossary.   At the end of a completed investigation, CPI assesses child safety, the risk of abuse or neglect in the foreseeable future, the ability of the family to reduce the risk without CPI intervention, the ability of CPI to provide needed services and other circumstances in the case to decide whether to provide ongoing services.   The Case Action Family Substitute Care includes investigations that resulted in at least one child (not necessarily all children in the home) being removed. Does not equal number of children removed.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on CPS Abuse/Neglect Investigations and all DFPS programs.
Police Calls for Service January 2019 to Year to Date
This dataset contains Police Calls for Service data from January 2019 to Year to Date.
Shared Micromobility Vehicle Trips
This dataset contains shared micromobility vehicle trip data reported to the City of Austin Transportation Department as part of the Shared Small Vehicle Mobility Systems operating rules.  Note that our official trip reporting metrics only include trips which meet the following criteria:      - trip distance greater than or equal to .1 miles and less than 500 miles      - trip duration less than 24 hours  You may also be interested in our <a href="http://dockless.austintexas.io">Shared Micromobility Data Explorer</a> and our <a href="https://transportation.austintexas.io/micromobility-data/">Shared Micromobility Data Dashboard</a>.  Read more at about Austin's dockless mobility services at https://austintexas.gov/micromobility  ** Note About Location Data and Privacy (Apr 12, 2019) ** After discussion with colleagues and industry experts, we have decided to remove the latitude and longitude data from our public shared micromobility trips dataset in order to protect user privacy. We’re doing this out of an abundance of caution. No shared micromobility user has been personally identified by the data we’ve released, and we believe that this risk is extremely low.  There is no consensus from the community on how best to share this kind of location data, and it’s likely that the way we release shared micromobility data will continue to change over time. Furthermore, we remain committed to being as transparent as possible with our shared micromobility data management, and strongly believe that this data is a valuable community resource.  We are also working to produce a dataset that provides aggregated trip origins and destinations in a way that does not risk re-identifying users, while still being of use to researchers and members of the public. More details on that soon.
Feed The Future Uganda Population-Based Survey, Women's File
The Uganda Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in 38 districts across eight regions of the country. The PBS was conducted from October 25 to December 30, 2012. The overall objective of the survey is to provide baseline data on living standards, nutritional status, and women's empowerment in agriculture in the Zone Of Influence. This dataset is the data for all women with a completed interview captured in Module H of the questionnaire. The Uganda Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the status of agriculture and food security in 38 districts across eight regions of the country at the time of hte survey.  The PBS was conducted from October 25 to December 30, 2012.  The overall objective of the survey is to provide baseline data on living standards, nutritional status, and women's empowerment in agriculture in the Feed the Future Zone Of Influence (ZOI).  The ZOI in Uganda comprises 38 districts across eight regions.  A total of 2,566 households in the ZOI spread across 140 standard enumeration areas (SEAs) were interviewed.  These households were  in the targeted districts, which are the same SEAs within the ZOI from the Demographic and Health Survey (DHS) 2011.
AFSC/RACE/SAP: Detailed Crab Data From NOAA Fisheries Service Annual Eastern Bering Sea Summer Bottom Trawl Surveys 1975 - 2018
This dataset contains detailed crab data collected from the annual NOAA/NMFS/AFSC/RACE crab-groundfish bottom trawl survey of the eastern Bering Sea continental shelf. The standard survey area, surveyed each year since 1975, encompasses a major portion of the eastern Bering Sea shelf between the 20 meter and 200 meter isobaths and from the Alaska Peninsula to the north of St. Matthew Island. The study area is divided into a grid with cell sizes of 20 x 20 nautical miles (37 x 37 kilometers). Sampling takes place within each 20 x 20 nautical mile grid cell. In areas surrounding St. Matthew (1983-present) and the Pribilof Islands (1981-present), grid corners were also sampled to better assess king crab concentrations. In 1975, tows were 1 hour in duration; from 1976 to present, each tow is one-half hour in duration, averaging 1.54 nautical miles (2.86 kilometers) - exact tow duration and distance fished for each haul can be found in RACEBASE.HAUL. 100% of the catch is sorted for red, blue, and golden king crab, bairdi Tanner, snow crab, hybrid Tanner, and hair crab. Crabs are sorted by species and sex, and a sample is measured to the nearest millimeter to provide a size-frequency distribution (see note under use constraints for analyzing catches where crab were subsampled for measurement). Carapace width is measured for Tanner crabs, and carapace length is measured for king and hair crabs.
Velocity Individual Traffic Match
Data contains each traffic data "match" generating by the host sensor in one of approximately 100 locations throughout the city. These sensors include Bluetooth/WiFi readers are deployed to collect data from devices that are within range of the sensor usually cellphones. Data is encrypted and then any identifiable information from each read is removed. The system then produces a match and timestamp if a specific device crosses between two readers. Each match is a single traffic data record containing an individual vehicle's travel time and speed along a roadway segment.
Sensitive Area Markers
GPS's point locations of permanent monuments installed on county-maintained roads marking the entrance and exit points to aquatic areas where salmonid species may be present. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpubw_fishmarkers.html).   Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
UCEVA histórico postulados programa Jóvenes en accion
Listado de estudiantes postulados al programa jóvenes en acción desde el 2013 segundo semestres hasta el segundo semestre del 2020
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Sulphur Dioxide (SO2) Hourly Data Sydney
Hourly ambient sulphur dioxide (SO2) data in parts per billion from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Labour Occupation 1991
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports employment by occupation.  This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Registro de activos de información - Agencia de Desarrollo Rural
Registro de activos de información alineado a la normatividad existente en materia de transparencia y acceso a la información pública y protección de datos personales
Daños Red Matriz del Acueducto en el Municipio de Pereira
En este conjunto de datos podrá encontrar el reporte con el número de daños al mes en la red de matriz de agua del Acueducto en el Municipio de Pereira.
ACCIDENTALIDAD VEHICULAR MUNICIPIO DE YUMBO
Indices de Accidentalidad en el Municipio de Yumbo
Taxable Sales By County And Major SIC In Utah 1978-1997
Taxable Sales By County And Major SIC In Utah 1978-1997
Histórico ICFES Abejorral Pruebas saber 11 - año 2011
Datos históricos de los resultados en las pruebas Icfes Saber 11 correspondientes al año 2011 en el municipio de Abejorral - Antioquia
Business Licenses
Data Description: This data set includes licenses pertaining to: Amusement Games, Antique Dealer, Appliance Dealer, Ball Grounds, Billiards and Pool, Cabaret, Carousels, Chauffeur, Circus, Dance Hall, Junk, Second Hand, Scrap, Massage Services, Motor Vehicle Salvage, Skating Rink, Theater, etc. For more information, https://www.cincinnati-oh.gov/finance/licenses-lost-check-affidavit/business-license-applications/  Data Creation: Business Licenses are processed by Treasury division in the Department of Finance.  Data Created By: The Treasury Division  Refresh Frequency: Daily  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this data set.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Lead Safe Completed Homes
Updated 3-6-14 The Lead Safe Housing Registry is a listing of homes in Kansas City, Mo., (both owner-occupied and rental) that have received lead hazard removal services through the LeadSafe KC Program.
Department of Revenue Services-  FY 2013-14 Tax Credits By Industry Sector
Department of Revenue Services - Tax Credits Claimed during Fiscal Year 2013-14 (July 1, 2013 through June 30, 2104) by NAICS (North American Industry Classification System)
Auditor Lobby Wait Times
Monthly average wait and transaction times per service
Feed the Future Mozambique Baseline Population Survey, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-Household File
The Mozambique Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in two provinces, Zambizia and Nampula. These areas were selected based on national estimates that indicate that the incidence of poverty, malnutrition, and stunting among children less than five years of age is disproportionately high. These provinces are adjacent to three of the country's main trade corridors: Nacala (linking Mozambique to Malawi and Zambia), Beira (linking Mozambique to Zimbabwe), and the N1 (key North-South road connecting Nacala and Beira corridors).  This dataset is the second of two datasets needed to calculate the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-related measures.
2016 Physician/Supplier Procedure Summary
The Physician/Supplier Procedure Summary (PSPS) file is a summary of calendar year Medicare Part B carrier and durable medical equipment fee-for-service claims. The file is organized by carrier, pricing locality, Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, HCPCS modifier, provider specialty, type of service, and place of service. The summarized fields are total submitted services and charges, total allowed services and charges, total denied services and charges, and total payment amounts. The record layout in the Downloads section below provides additional details on the file.
2016 Census - Population by Employment Sector ( Neighbourhood/Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Hospital Inpatient Cost Transparency: Beginning 2009
This dataset contains information submitted by New York State Article 28 Hospitals as part of the New York Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative (SPARCS) and Institutional Cost Report (ICR) data submissions.  The file contains information on the volume of discharges, All Payer Refined Diagnosis Related Group (APR-DRG), the severity of illness level (SOI), medical or surgical classification the median charge, median cost, average charge and average cost per discharge.
CONTRATACIÓN SUJETOS DE CONTROL DE LA CONTRALORÍA MUNICIPAL DE ITAGÜÍ
Contratación suscrita por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
Quitline – 7-Month Follow-Up (Not Comparable Across States) – 2010-2011
2010-2011.  National Quitline Data Warehouse (NQDW). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System.  NQDW Data.  National Quitline Data Warehouse (NQDW) assists in evaluating quitline activities and serves as a national resource for data on the use, success, and services of state quitlines.  States report data on quitline callers, quitting success, as well as the services provided by their quitlines. The NQDW consolidates this information for evaluating programs and improving quitline services.  The jurisdictions participating in this data collection effort include the 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico.
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Year-End Log For FY 2013
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Year-End Log For FY 2013 (record requests received July 1, 2012, through June 30, 2013)
Medicare Referring DMEPOS HCPCS National Aggregate table CY2016
The 2016 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) National Aggregate table presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.   The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2016 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Calendar of Events
This is an official calendar of events that are happening in Douglas County.
Vital Signs: Income (Median by Place of Residence) – by county
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Income (EC4)   FULL MEASURE NAME  Household income by place of residence   LAST UPDATED  May 2019   DESCRIPTION  Income reflects the median earnings of individuals and households from employment, as well as the income distribution by quintile. Income data highlight how employees are being compensated for their work on an inflation-adjusted basis.	  DATA SOURCE  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census Count 4Pb (1970)  Form STF3 (1980-1990)  Form SF3a (2000) https://nhgis.org  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey Form B19013 (2006-2017; place of residence) http://api.census.gov  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index All Urban Consumers Data Table (1970-2017; specific to each metro area) http://data.bls.gov   CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov   METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Income data reported in a given year reflects the income earned in the prior year (decennial Census) or in the prior 12 months (American Community Survey); note that this inconsistency has a minor effect on historical comparisons (for more information, go to: http://www.census.gov/acs/www/Downloads/methodology/ASA_nelson.pdf).   American Community Survey 1-year data is used for larger geographies – metropolitan areas and counties – while smaller geographies rely upon 5-year rolling average data due to their smaller sample sizes. Quintile income for 1970-2000 is imputed from Decennial Census data using methodology from the California Department of Finance (for more information, go to: http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Census_Data_Center_Network/documents/How_to_Recalculate_a_Median.pdf).   Bay Area income is the population weighted average of county-level income. Income has been inflated using the Consumer Price Index specific to each metro area; however, some metro areas lack metro-specific CPI data back to 1970 and therefore adjusted data is unavailable for some historical data points. Note that current MSA boundaries were used for historical comparison by identifying counties included in today’s metro areas.
Suicide-Related Deaths
Suicide-related deaths (per 100,000 population) by county for Pierce, Kitsap, King, Thurston, Snohomish, and State of Washington.    Data is derived from the Community Health Assessment Tool (CHAT), which is supported by the Washington State Department of Health Division of Epidemiology, Health Statistics and Public Health Laboratories. CHAT provides a secure, online query system for population health-based data sets maintained by the Washington State Department of Health. The tool allows users to conduct analyses for community health assessment.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Privadas del Municipio de Ocaña, Norte de Santander
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas Privadas del Municipio de Ocaña, Norte de Santander.
State Of Utah Income Tax Collections By City 2011
State Of Utah Income Tax Collections By City 2011
ZONAS WIFI DEPARTAMENTO DE PUTUMAYO
Este conjunto de datos contiene información correspondiente a las zonas Wifi , disponible de manera gratuita para la ciudadania.
REGISTRO DE PUBLICACIONES ALCALDIA DE CARACOLI ANTIOQUIA
REGISTRO DE PUBLICACIONES ALCALDIA DE CARACOLI ANTIOQUIA
Households with children
Households with own children under 18
Missed Collection Stops
Missed collection stops measures the number of waste and recyclables collection stops missed for every 10,000 stops.
Member Health Subsidy
Member Health Subsidy
NNDSS - TABLE 1NN. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Junin virus to Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Lujo virus
NNDSS - TABLE 1NN. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Junin virus to Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Lujo virus - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).   § Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers'. NNDSS was updated beginning in 2015 to receive data for each of the viral hemorrhagic fevers listed.
Advanced Messaging Concept Development: Probe Vehicle Data
Contains all PVDs generated during the AMCD field testing program. The probe vehicle message is used to exchange status about a vehicle with other DSRC readers to allow the collection of information about a typical vehicle’s traveling behaviors along a segment of road. The exchanges of this message as well as the event which caused the collection of various elements defined in the messages are in Annex B of the SAE J2735 standard.
Days to Resolve Environmental Enforcement Cases
Example data for training
Residential Parking Permits
The Baltimore RPP Program was begun in 1979 in an effort to address the specific needs of residents in city neighborhoods where the demand for on-street parking was considered to be greatest. Participating neighborhoods elect to do so through application by petition to the City of Baltimore through the Parking Authority of Baltimore City.Since its inception, the RPP Program has grown to include 41 designated RPP areas, each designated with its own specific number or letter. Parking in each of these 41 areas is restricted to some degree to provide preferential parking privileges only to those residents and their guests who display valid Residential Parking Permits and Visitors Passes on their automobiles. These permits and passes are issued and valid for a one-year period from the designated annual renewal date for each specific RPP Area. Residents must re-apply every year.
EDA - Dollar amount of economicdevelopment grants made to communities and regions to help build the capacity to support the innovation-related activities and needs of businesses.
This performance indicator measures the number of EDA grants made to communities and regions to help build community and regional capacity for entrepreneurship and innovation
Lobbyist - Clients
This table lists the clients reported by lobbyists. You can recreate the City Clerk's lobbyist database by downloading all lobbyist datasets on the data portal and view the complete data model of the lobbyist database here: https://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=293053
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of November 2017.</p>
Report Card Teacher Demographics 2018-19 School Year
This file includes Report Card educator demographic data for the 2018-19 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes demographic information on classroom teachers, including: count and percent by race/ethnicity and gender, count and percent with Master's degrees or higher by race/ethnicity, and average years of experience by race/ethnicity. Please review the notes below for more information.
Registro Activo de Información
Conjunto de datos de los activos de información de la Contraloria General del Departamento de Córdoba, vigencia 2020
2011-14 Public Works Special Pickups
Public Works Special Pickups 2011 through 2014
TABLE III. Deaths in 122 U.S. cities
TABLE III. Deaths in 122 U.S. cities - 2015122 Cities Mortality Reporting System ��� Each week, the vital statistics offices of 122 cities across the United States report the total number of death certificates processed and the number of those for which pneumonia or influenza was listed as the underlying or contributing cause of death by age group (Under 28 days, 28 days ���1 year, 1-14 years, 15-24 years, 25-44 years, 45-64 years, 65-74 years, 75-84 years, and ��� 85 years).FOOTNOTE:U: Unavailable      -: No reported cases * Mortality data in this table are voluntarily reported from 122 cities in the United States, most of which have populations of 100,000 or more. A death is reported by the place of its occurrence and by the week that the death certificate was filed. Fetal deaths are not included. ** Totals include unknown ages. *** Partial counts for this city.
Transparency - Utah Local Government Expense 2016
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
Listado de Artesanías, Galerías y Asociaciones de Artesanos-Tunja
En este formato se almacenan los datos de los sitios de artesanias de la ciudad de Tunja.
City Marshals Revenue
This dataset contains annual revenue statistics compiled by the Agency's Marshal's Unit (2010 - 2015).
Building Permits Issued By City Of Miami From 2014 To Present
Building Permits are updated daily
CJFJC - DVHL
Total number of calls advocates answered on the Domestic Violence Helpline located at the CJFJC
Estadistica 2015 - Porcinos
Estadistica 2015 - Porcinos
ESRD QIP - Hypercalcemia - Payment Year 2020
This dataset includes facility details, performance rate, measure score, and the state and national average measure scores for the hypercalcemia measure included in the PY 2020 ESRD QIP.
2018 Primary Voting Rate by City Data
This dataset shows the 2018 state primary voting rate in each city within Ramsey County.
Administrativos por genero 2019-1
Genero de los administrativos de la universidad del quindio
2019 Achieve Summer Camp Engagement Summary
Summary of number of days of summer camp held, activity hours, and attendance percentages.
Uploadhope11 Rob
Uploadhope11 Rob
Registered Animals
Animals registered with Sunshine Coast Council
Recaudo por Impuesto del municipio de Chía 2016-2017
Estadísticas del recaudo de impuestos del Municipio de Chía 2016-2017
Measure A_Mental Health System of Care for Adults
Performance measures for Mental Health System of Care for Adults Measure A initiative.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas del Municip
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Melgar - Tolima
Information Systems Department Satisfaction Survey Results
The Information Systems Department logs a ticket (either an incident or service request) for each request for service made by a department or agency.  An independent third party, the Help Desk Institute, periodically sends out satisfaction surveys for some of the tickets completed by the Information Systems Department.  This dataset includes the results of those surveys.  Blank survey responses indicate the responding department or agency chose not to respond to the survey questions.
Listado Sujetos Y Puntos De Control Contraloría General De Caldas
Listado Sujetos Y Puntos De Control de la Contraloría General De Caldas
Registro estadístico de las peticiones, quejas, reclamos y sugerencias
Información estadística de las diferentes PQRS clasificadas en petición, queja, reclamo, sugerencia, felicitación a la Alcaldía de Pereira.
Guardianes de la Naturaleza en municipios de la jurisdicción de Corantioquia
Información de seguimiento y valoración al proceso de Guardianes de la Naturaleza en municipios de la jurisdicción de Corantioquia vigencia 2019.
Angler Expenditure Data 2011
Marine recreational fishing is a popular pastime across the United States that generates significant economic impacts to both local economies and to the nation. In this survey, the level of fishing expenditures for anglers was quantified within each coastal state and the U.S. as a whole. The primary objectives of the national expenditure surveys are to collect trip expenditures for an angler’s most recent marine recreational fishing trip and to collect annual expenditures on durable goods used for marine recreational fishing. Additional objectives include obtaining a profile of the most recent marine recreational fishing trip and collecting demographic information on marine recreational anglers.
Underground Water Levels Green Pond Landslide, Weber County BH121
This data set contains Groundwater Monitoring Data acquired through the West Desert Groundwater Monitoring-Well Project (including Snake Valley) and other projects.
SECOP I - Adiciones
Registros de Adiciones por adjudicación en SECOP I registrados desde el año 2015
2015-17 Total Available Revenue By Agency
Legislatively Approved Budget: 2015-17 Biennium: Total Available Revenues by Agency (Sept. 2016). For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/revenue.aspx#Money_Coming_In:__Revenue. This report provides Revenue information for Oregon state agencies, organized by agency # and by fund type (e.g. General Fund, Lottery Funds, Other Funds, and Federal Funds). Note: This report includes data from the Oregon Legislature and the Oregon Judicial Department, but does not include data from the Oregon State Lottery or Semi-independent boards and commissions. (Source: DAS Budget and Management – Oregon Budget Information Tracking System – ORBITS)
State Bridges Listing as of July 2018 Transportation
This is the total listing of all State Bridge structures for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, with designation fields for the structures to be repaired or replaced under the 2015-2020 Governor’s Structurally Deficient Bridge Goal.        Let – award (a contract for a particular project) to an applicant    RBR - This public-private partnership (P3) Rapid Bridge Replacement Project was awarded by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT) to the consortium of Plenary Walsh Keystone Partners (PWKP). The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is taking advantage of the new P3 tool, signed into law in 2012, to address the state’s roughly 4,500 structurally deficient (SD) bridges.     “N” or “- -“ is null or no information  DEMO - means the structure has been demolished.     The project is an initiative to replace aging bridges throughout Pennsylvania. Replacing the bridges will provide motorists with new, modern structures and allow PennDOT to remove them from their structurally deficient list. The bridges are primarily crossings on smaller state highways, many in rural areas, rather than interstate bridges or large river crossings.    This database contains inspection, selection and schedule information and therefore may not be used in legal actions or proceedings against the bridge owner.  Furthermore, all information contained herein is subject to change without notice. (Reference 65 P.S. Sec 66.1 et sep., 75 pa C.S. Sec 3754 and 23 U.S.C. Sec 409.)    General data disclaimer:   This data is a compilation of information from different databases and planned projects (current as of posting), and may contain errors and omissions. Furthermore, all information contained herein is to be used for general informational purposes only and is subject to change without notice. Please see the listed contact for specific data questions. This data also contains structural inspection, project selection and scheduling information that is provided in the interest of transparency without waiving any legal rights.  This data may contain essential components of protected safety studies, which are not subject to disclosure or use in legal actions or proceedings against the bridge owner.  See 23 U.S.C. § 409; 75 Pa. C.S. § 3754; 65 P.S. § 67.101 et seq.
Missouri Keg Tag
List of keg tags assigned to distributors
Intersection Safety Device Locations
This dataset represents the approximate drive lane(s) and the direction of enforcement, of intersections where Intersection Safety Devices are operational.  Intersection Safety Devices enforce red light infractions and speed on green infractions.  Note:  To avoid some confusion of location, efforts were made to shift the geo-location to one side or the other side of a roadway to more clearly indicate the lane(s) of travel and direction of travel and set back from the actual intersection.  For more information please see https://www.edmonton.ca/transportation/traffic_safety/automated-enforcement.aspx.
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales in Queens for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes - 2005
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of neighborhood sales for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes in Queens in 2005.    This list includes all sales of 1-, 2-, and 3-Family Homes' from January 1st, 2005 to December 31, 2005, whose sale price is equal to or more than $150,000.  The Building Class Category for Sales is based on the Building Class at the time of the
Representantes de Juntas de Acción comunal del municipio de Leticia 2020
Representantes de Juntas de Acción comunal del municipio de Leticia 2020
Utah Wells Springs Data
Utah Wells Springs Data
Hoteles de Zipaquirá
Directorio de los hoteles del municipio de Zipaquirá
EBR Building Permits
All construction and occupancy permits issued in East Baton Rouge Parish
Tendencia Reporte Información al Sistema Colombia TIC - Mensajería Expresa
Esta información muestra la tendencia de reporte por departamento de los prestadores de servicios de Mensajeria Expresa, de acuerdo con las obligaciones de la normativa vigente.  Años 2016 y 2017 Estos datos muestran N/E como No Existe y N/A como No Aplica en algunas columnas de la información. Las columnas validación muestra el valor en porcentaje de la tendencia de reporte.
Bronx Languages American Community Survey 2006-2011
5-year ACS survey on languages spoken in Bronx households based on census tract and 2010 census data. Margin of Error columns were included because census tract data is estimated on a sample of the population, not an actual 100% count.
Sidewalk Program (2010 - Current Year)
The Annual New Sidewalk Program serves to create a pedestrian-friendly environment throughout Naperville by programmatically installing sidewalk in identified gap locations.  This program provides pedestrian facilities that are safe, accessible, continuous, connected to destinations, and aesthetically pleasing.  The merits of a pedestrian-friendly environment include increased travel mode choice, connections to community facilities such as schools, parks, and libraries, and social and recreational opportunities.
Michigan Per Capita Personal Income
Michigan per capita personal income compared to the national average.  The annual growth rate of per capita personal income for Michigan and the U.S. is included. For both measures Michigan's rank among the states is included for each year from 1990-2015.
Coalbed Methane Proved Reserves And Production In Utah And US T4.19 1985-2013
Coalbed Methane Proved Reserves And Production In Utah And US T4.19 1985-2013
Datos Abiertos Mortalidad Por EDA En Niños(as) Menores De 5 Años
Datos Abiertos Mortalidad Por EDA En Niños(as) Menores De 5 Años
Libraries - 2012 Computer Sessions by Location
The Chicago Public Library offers one-hour computer sessions and 15-minute computer sessions.   In January all branch locations were closed on Monday, January 9, Monday, January 23 and Monday, January 30. Beginning in February, all branch locations restored partial Monday hours, from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. On June 18, all branch locations restored full Monday hours. Edgewater closed 6/16/11 for construction of a new branch scheduled to open in mid-2013. The library’s bookmobile opened 6/24/11 for Edgewater holds pickup and returns. Douglass closed for 10 days in February for roof repairs. Humboldt Park closed 3/26/12 for facility improvements and expansion. Lincoln Park closed for four days in August for replacement of the air conditioning system. Many locations experienced sporadic closures in summer 2012 due to air conditioning issues and area power outages. Albany Park closed 9/22/12 for construction of a new branch and will remain closed until 2014. Brighton Park, Jefferson Park and Portage Cragin were closed 11/26/12-12/7/12 for replacement of their HVAC systems.
Rainfall Gauge Results
The collection of significant rainfall measurements in the greater Edmonton area during the summer period.  This data is used to assist in the mosquito control program. Mosquito Trap Data can be found at  - https://data.edmonton.ca/Environmental-Services/Mosquitoes-Trap-Data/5zeu-wkpv
Oferta y Demanda e Indice de perdidas de agua tratada por Municipio
Indices en metros cubicos por Municipio en los años 2012 al 2016
2017 San Diego County Demographics - School Enrollment by Type of School
This indicator breaks down school enrollment in each grade level by type of school, private or public, for the population 3 years and over enrolled in school. Percentage refers to the proportion of those 3+ enrolled in school in either private or public school in the given grade level. Therefore, the sum of private and public percentages for each grade level will add to 100%. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B14002.
AFSC/RACE/FBEP/Laurel: Substrate preference and delayed settlement in northern rock sole larvae Lepidopsetta polyxystra
This dataset is from laboratory experiments testing the onset and ontogenetic changes in habitat selection of pre- and post-settling northern rock sole (NRS) larvae, and from field surveys investigating settlement patterns of NRS.
Compraventas En Colombia
Es un contrato en que una de las partes se obliga a dar una cosa y la otra a pagarla en dinero. Aquélla se dice vender y ésta comprar. El dinero que el comprador da por la cosa vendida se llama precio.   Art. 756, 1849 y 1857 del C.C.
Landscape Professionals
This data set lists the names, business name, and skill of people that have completed the City of Austin Grow Green Landscape Professional training held annually.
FY 11_3rd Qtr_Education Recipients by State
<p>FY 11 Education Recipients by State (Through the 3rd qtr. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the 3rd qtr. FY11). State statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one state, therefore the total within this table may be different than the  total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.</p>
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2001 Q2
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2001 Q2
Logan School District Sage Scores 2014
Logan School District Sage Scores 2014
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of January 2018</p>
Master Intersections List
Street intersections in the City of Cambridge. This dataset contains the complete list of intersections in Cambridge, along with each intersection's geospatial coordinates and relevant administrative boundaries (e.g., Census block, polling district, public safety area). The dataset is sourced from Cambridge's GIS databases. Shapefiles for this data and other Cambridge geospatial data can be found on on the City's GIS Data Dictionary at https://www.cambridgema.gov/GIS/gisdatadictionary
Provider of Services File - Other - December 2016
The POS file contains data on characteristics of hospitals and other types of healthcare facilities, including the name and address of the facility and the type of Medicare services the facility provides, among other information. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. The data is an invaluable resource to a variety of stakeholders, including researchers and application developers.
Police Department Incidents (2010 - Current Year)
Naperville Police Department from 2010 to Present.   This dataset is updated automatically every 2 hours.  These are also shown on the Police Department Incident Map
Acuerdos Municipales de Castilla La Nueva Meta
Acuerdos municipales aprobados por el Concejo Municipal de Castilla La Nueva, Meta.
Seattle Planning Commission Agenda Items
Topics that have been on agendas of full Planning Commission meeting from beginning of 2014 to present, arranged by year. These meetings are held twice a month.
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2003
Recoverable Coal Reserves At Producing Mines, Estimated Recoverable Reserves And Demonstrated Reserve Base By State And Mining Method T2.2 2003
Performance Metrics - Public Health - Immunization Program - Monthly Vaccine Distribution
Vaccines have been touted as one of the 10 great public health achievements of the last decade. Currently, 18 diseases can be prevented by vaccines. The current childhood vaccination schedule is estimated to prevent 42,000 deaths and 20 million cases of disease. CDPH distributes vaccine to nearly 470 healthcare facilities throughout the city of Chicago that are enrolled in the Vaccines for Children (VFC) program.  This metric provides the number of doses of vaccine distributed each month. For more information about CDPH’s Immunization Program, see https://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/cdph/provdrs/health_protection/svcs/immunization1.html
VA-OHE-NVHER-FY13-Sociodemographic-Age
Summary level data from the National Veteran Health Equity Report - FY2013, filtered by age group.
Washington Counties
Generalized county boundary from the Census 2010 TIGER/Line files.
Resultados de auditorías 2019 de la Contraloria General del Cauca
Resultados del proceso auditor en la vigencia 2019 de la Contraloría General del Cauca
ESTADÍSTICAS DE CAPTURAS JUNIO 2019 INSPECCIÓN DE POLICÍA MUNICIPIO DE LOS PATIOS
Estadísticas de Capturas Junio 2019 realizadas por la Inspección de Policía  del Municipio de los Patios.
AFSC/ABL: 1996 Brood year Steelhead growth and early life-history transitions
Heritabilities of growth, precocious maturation and smolting were measured in 75 families of juvenile steelhead or rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss, progeny of within and between line matings (crosses) of wild, anadromous steelhead and wild, resident (lake) rainbow trout originally derived from the same anadromous stock 70 years earlier. The tagged yearling progeny were combined by line in common freshwater rearing containers and graded into three categories: mature, smolt or rearing (undifferentiated) at age 2 years. Heritabilities of precocious male maturity, smolting and growth were moderate to high, and the genetic correlation between growth and smolting was low. Smolting and precocious male maturity were highly variable among families within lines and significantly different between lines. Each of the four lines produced significant numbers of smolts at age two. Smolting and maturation were negatively genetically correlated, which may explain the persistence of smolting in the lake population despite strong selection against lake smolts; balancing selection on male maturation age may help to maintain variation for smolting. The high heritability of smolting, coupled with the inability of smolts that leave the lake to return to it indicates that the genetic potential for smolting can lie dormant or be maintained through a dynamic interaction between smolting and early maturation for decades despite complete selection against the phenotype. The results have significant implications for the preservation of threatened anadromous stocks in fresh water and the inclusion of resident fish of formerly anadromous populations, currently trapped behind long-standing barriers to migration, as one component of the same population.
Community Investment Tax Credits
COMMUNITY INVESTMENT TAX CREDITS (CITC) support 501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations by awarding allocations of State tax credits for use as incentives to attract contributions from individuals and businesses to benefit local projects and services.  This data is to show possible donors what nonprofit organizations they can donate to and see the tax credits still available from those nonprofits.
Institutional Provider Network Data: 2019 Quarter 4
The Institutional Provider Network Data displays information on health facilities and ancillary service providers (for example: hospitals, labs, home care agencies) participating in health plan networks from October through December 2019. Plan network data is collected from Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchange plans on a quarterly basis by NYSoH, including managed care plans, as well as PPO/EPO plans. For more information, please visit: https://pndslookup.health.ny.gov.
Bronx 2011 5-year ACS Immigration (2006-2011)
American Community Survey 5 year data (for years 2006-2011) table on immigration/migration, This is a large dataset that requires the data dictionary in order to interpret. This is attached and can be found below and is called: ACS_11_5YR_S0701_metadata.
ARCHIVED - DCL 3.3 Closed Abuse/Neglect Investigations With Deficiency by County FY08-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Salt Lake City Police Calls for Service - 2020
Salt Lake City Police Department Call for services
State Nature Centers
The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP) oversees more than 250 state parks, historic sites, recreational trails, golf courses, boat launches and more,  encompassing nearly 350,000 acres, that are visited by 74 million people annually.  These facilities contribute to the economic vitality and quality of life of local communities and directly support New York’s tourism industry.  Parks also provide a place for families and children to be active and exercise, promoting healthy lifestyles.  The agency is responsible for the operation and stewardship of the state park system as well as advancing a statewide parks, historic preservation, and open space mission.  The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation operates several nature centers throughout the state. Visitors to our nature centers learn about the abundance of natural resources to be found in state parks. Our state parks and historic sites are hosts to scenic viewsheds, geologic features and both common and rare flora and fauna. For more information, visit http://nysparks.com/environment/nature-centers/default.aspx
Salt Lake County 3rd grade Reading Competency All Schools & Title 1 Schools
This dataset represents beginning year, midyear and end of year third-grade reading competency scores for all Salt Lake County schools and specifically Title 1 schools.
RELACIÓN DE CONTRATOS DE PRESTACIÓN DE SERVICIOS DE LA VIGENCIA 2018 - INVIUNION
Relación de los contratos de prestación de servicios de la vigencia 2018 de INVIUNION
Residential Snow Clearing Schedule
A list of all City of Edmonton transportation maintenance areas and the date on which each is scheduled for residential snow clearing.  Does NOT include arterials or major routes.  Please contact 311@edmonton.ca for further details and/or explanations.
City Poll Locations
All polling locations throughout the city.
25 to 34 Year Olds
Percent of the resident population between ages 24 and 34.
DCFS Accumulated Referrals
The Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS) operates its Child Protection Hotline 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Thousands of calls (referrals) regarding allegations of child abuse or neglect are received and processed each month. The data provided herein represent referrals processed by the DCFS between January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2018. Only the most basic information is provided for statistical purposes. Names and specific locations are not provided. As an extra precaution, if fewer than 20 records were found in a given current ZIP Code, those records having that ZIP Code were not included in this table. More information on this data is available in the attached file referrals_cy_2018.pdf.
Report Card Student Access To Educators Summary 2018-19 School Year
This file includes Report Card summary data on Student Access to Educators for the 2018-19 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level. Student access rates to teachers by teacher qualification are provided for student groups and characteristics and by student race/ethnicity. Teacher qualifications included are: Inexperienced, experienced, limited-certificated, fully-certificated, out-of-field, and in-field. Please review the notes below for more information.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of May 2019.</p>
Fin- Bond Rating
A history of City of Camas bond ratings from 1996 forward.
2017 Tracts - Median Household Income
Median household income over the past 12 months by tract. Data provided by ACS.
Macedonia Public Opinion Survey (January 2016)
This survey on Macedonian public opinion was conducted on behalf of the International Republican Institute by the Brima market research firm.    Data was collected from January 16 to 27, 2016, using in-person, face-to-face methodology by trained professional interviewers.    A total of 1,103 interviews was completed yielding an overall margin of error of plus or minus three percent at the mid-range of the 95-percent confidence level.  A nationally representative sample was based on a multistage stratification proportionate to population sample distribution, with a random selection of households and respondents. The response rate was 65 percent.
DIRECTORIO DE PUNTO VIVE DIGITAL PLUS DEPARTAMENTO DEL CESAR
Directorio de los Puntos Vive Digital Plus que tiene actualmente la Gobernacion del Cesar en el Departamento
2017 Racial Profiling Dataset  Citations
AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided are for informational use only and may differ from official APD crime data. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results.  Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
170- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics Obj 3.2
Health Department Performance Metrics Objective 3.2- Infant Mortality Rate, FY 2018 Proposed Budget.
Abortions In Utah By County And Region 2014
This data set contains abortions by region and county in Utah.
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Swiney: Primiparous and multiparous Tanner crab egg extrusion, embryo development and hatching
This study compares timing of egg extrusion, embryo development, timing and duration of eclosion, and incubation periods of Kodiak, Alaska primiparous and multiparous Tanner crabs (Chionoecetes bairdi) reared in identical conditions to determine if and how these variables differ between reproductive states. Female reproductive state (primiparous or multiparous) and dates of egg extrusion were recorded, eggs were sampled monthly to determine egg stage and area, and larvae were collected daily during eclosion to determine timing and duration of eclosion.
Información Acueductos Municipio de Villarrica Tolima
INFORMACIÓN SOBRE TODOS LOS ACUEDUCTOS DISPONIBLES EN EL MUNICIPIO DE VILLARRICA TOLIMA
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of November 2018.</p>
FY2020 Dallas Animal Shelter Data
“Helping Dallas be a safe, compassionate, and healthy place for people and animals”.    Dallas Animal Shelter Data pertains to operational processes carried out by shelter personnel who assist citizens by receiving surrendered and stray animals, facilitating adoptions, transferring animals to rescue groups, and providing care to the animals in the shelter every day. Shelter personnel document their work using Chameleon software, an animal shelter management program. The Dallas Animal Shelter Data is updated daily to help citizens better understanding the operational processes that the shelter personnel perform daily for the animals and citizens of the City of Dallas. The period covered goes from October 01, 2017 to Present
FY2012 F65 County
F-65 Data Summary Counties 2012
NOAA - Number of StormReady Communities
Americans live in the most severe weather-prone country on Earth. StormReady Communities support a Weather-Ready Nation by preparing for the occurrence of high impact environmental events. On an annual basis NWS targets 100 new StormReady Communities pending funding availability.  StormReady supports NWS’ disaster risk reduction strategy and is offered to provide guidance and incentive to officials who want to improve their hazardous weather and flood operations. A long-term goal for the program is to make every county or county-equivalent in the United States StormReady. The 2010 U.S. Census identifies 3,234 county or county-equivalents in the United States. We are 34 percent of the way there with 1,092 county or county-equivalents currently recognized as StormReady. A StormReady Community is defined as a local government* entity or facility** that has the authority and ability to adopt the StormReady recognition guidelines for the residents and visitors within its jurisdiction.   *The term “local government” means – (A) A county, parish, borough, municipality, city, town, township, local public authority, school district, special district, intrastate district, council of governments (regardless of whether the council of governments is incorporated as a nonprofit corporation under State law), regional or interstate government entity, or agency or instrumentality of a local government;  (B) An Indian tribe or authorized tribal organization, or Alaska Native village or organization; and a rural community, unincorporated town or village, or other public entity, which has the ability to achieve StormReady recognition.  **The term “facility” for a StormReady community exclusively means - universities, military installations, state/national parks, power plants/utilities, transportation centers (e.g., airports), theme parks/entertainment complex, and large event venues (e.g. stadiums).
Proyectos culturales aprobados
proyectos culturales aprobados y por aprobar agosto 2019
Feed the Future Nepal Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-File 1
Feed the Future Nepal Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence: This dataset (n=800, var=163) is the first of two datasets needed to calculate the WEAI-related measures. It is a household-level file and contains the records for Module G data from the primary adult (18+) female decisionmaker within each household (for the sub-sample of households with a primary adult female decisionmaker).
2016 Census - Dwelling Unit Status (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Provider of Services File - CLIA - December 2019
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (156MB in CSV).  The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
Tulare County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Tulare County.
Appeals Filed In 2016
A list of all appeals filed with the Civil Service Commission in 2016.  This list includes both Civil Service Law Section 50 Disqualification Appeals and Civil Service Law Section 76 Disciplinary Appeals.
Conceptos Básicos del Sistema General de Seguridad Social en Salud
Conceptos Básicos del Sistema General de Seguridad Social en Salud
State and Port TransBorder Data - January 2006 to Latest Available Month
State and Port TransBorder Freight Data - January 2006 to July 2020
BRS Field Office Locations
Location and phone numbers for all Department of Rehabilitation Services - Bureau of Rehabilitation Services field offices
Agroindustrias primarias
Agroindustrias primarias en Risaralda
Aspirantes inscritos por programa 2-2019
Aspirantes inscritos en los diferentes programas ofertados por la UPTC para el segundo semestre de 2019 especifica varias variables de cada uno de los aspirantes
SEDES DE LAS INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS DE TULUA
Listado de las sedes de las Instituciones Educativas públicas de la zona urbana y rural del Municipio de Tuluá
Municipal Court Case Data
This data set shares the number of Tacoma's Municipal Court cases filed and disposed by category.
Esquema de publicación de información Colpensiones
El Esquema de Publicación de Información es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma.
Iowa State Revolving Fund Programs by County
This dataset includes number of projects and loan amount for Iowa State Revolving Fund Programs in FY 2017 and FY 2018 break down by county.
Ganaderos Municipio de Chinácota
En este espacio encontraras información referente a los ganaderos presentes en el municipio de Chinácota y sus fincas.
TDA School Nutrition Programs October 2018 Enrollments - Map and Measure Dataset
Site addresses and enrollments of free and reduced-price eligible children reported for October 2018 meal reimbursement claims by 2018-2019 School Nutrition Programs participants.   This dataset is derived from published 2018-2019 School Nutrition Program datasets for the purpose of providing visualizations and measures for the TDA Data Overview story. Please refer to the original datasets for more detailed information.
DCLA Cultural Organizations Capital Funding
Organizations awarded Capital Projects funding
Provider Outpatient Hospital Charge Data by APC, CY2016
The Outpatient Hospital Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Outpatient Hospital PUF) presents information on comprehensive APC (C-APC) services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient Hospital PUF presents information on the number of beneficiaries, number of APC services, hospitals' average total estimated submitted charges, the average Medicare allowed charges (which includes Medicare regular provider payments and beneficiary cost-sharing payments), the average Medicare regular provider payments, the number of APC services with outlier payments, and the average Medicare outlier provider payments among those services for 35 C-APC Groups paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for calendar year (CY) 2016 by hospital provider. The estimated average charges and the average Medicare payments are provided at the individual hospital level. The actual charges at an individual hospital for an individual service within these APC groups may differ.
For-Hire Driver Test Scores
Weekly scores of for-hire driver testing by King County
Staff Injuries - Class A Injuries
Serious injury to staff as a result of inmate assault on staff (uniform staff only).
Barrios de Acacias
Barrios del municipio de Acacías con georreferenciación
PPW Development Center Budgets
Revenue and Expenditures for the Development Center within PPW.
Connecticut Census Tract Boundaries
Boundary file for 2010 Census boundaries for Connecticut Census tracts
Licensed Aquaculture Facilities Out-of- State 2015
Licensed Aquaculture Facilities Out-of- State 2015.   It is necessary to use the approved fish growers from this data set for delivery of live aquaculture products in Utah. The approved fish grower shall deliver his product directly to the site of private ponds. If the use of a broker or other delivery options is necessary, then a certificate of registration may be needed for private pond owners (call Utah Division of Wildlife Resources at 801-538-4701)
HCV Head of Household by Race
Housing Choice Voucher head of household by race
Rocky Mountain Goat Harvest Hunt 2011
Rocky Mountain Goat Harvest Hunt 2011
Median Income - Veterans vs. Non-Veterans, 2010 - 2017
American Community Survey 5-year Estimate data on median income for veterans and non-veterans, from 2010 to 2017.
Child And Adult Care Food Program Average Daily Totals By State 2010-2014
Child And Adult Care Food Program Average Daily Totals By State 2010-2014
2013 - 2018 District ELA Results
District results on the New York State (NYS) ELA exam
1740P_Talent Acquisition
Performance measures dataset
Listado de estudiantes Beneficiarios - Convenio USCO-ALCALDÍA DE LA ARGENTINA 2019
Listado de Beneficiarios - Convenio Interinstitucional celebrado entre el Municipio de La Argentina y la Universidad Surcolombiana.
SPDES Multi-Sector General Permit (MSGP) Facilities
The SPDES Multi-Sector General Permit (MSGP), which is administered by the Department of Environmental Conservation (the Department), regulates stormwater discharges associated with industrial activity from a point source.  The MSGP covers thirty one different industrial sectors which include activities such as mining, land transportation, and scrap recycling.  The dataset displays information on facilities that have active MSGP coverage in New York State.   Information included in the data set include the facility’s name, address, contact information, industrial sector(s), discharging waterbody, and location of the facility’s Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan.  For more information, please go to http://www.dec.ny.gov/chemical/62803.html.
Electronics Recycling Collection (2011 - Current Year)
Pounds of electronic items collected at the Electronics Recycling Collection Center.
Desembolsos Redescuento Findeter por departamento 2019-2
Desembolsos Redescuento Findeter por departamento 2019-2
Health_Summ_% of 7th Gr Fitness_PHP4
Percent of San Mateo County 7th Graders Meeting Physical Fitness Standards
DISCONTINUIDAD
DISCONTINUIDAD ABRIL 2020
Climate Change Perceptions - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the May 2019 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5enTBQVbIsLKnhCBvlqKoy?t=1  Open from May 14 - 21, 2019.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 11,525 Insight Community Members. 2,926 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 25%. A total of 2,946 respondents completed the survey: 2,926 Insight Community Members and 6 from the call to action button on our web page and 14 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
HERC: ICD-10 No Decimal
The version of the Prioritized List of Health Services for stakeholder convenience.
Carbon County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014 FINAL
The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org).  The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
AFSC/ABL: Chinook allozyme baseline
Allozyme variation was used to examine population genetic structure of adult chinook salmon, Oncorhynchus tshawytscha, collected between 1988 and 1993 from 22 spawning locations in Southeast Alaska and northern British Columbia. Thirty-five loci and two pairs of isoloci were variable, and of these, 25 loci and one pair of isoloci expressed the most abundant allele with a frequency of less than or equal to 0.95 in at least one collection. Aneighbor-joining (NJ) tree of genetic distances defined five regional groups: (1) King Salmon River (the only island collection), which has large allelic frequency differences from other populations in this study; (2) heterogeneous coastal populations from southern southeast Alaska; (3) transmountain collections from the Taku and Stikine Rivers on the eastern side of the coastal mountain range; (4) Chilkat River in northern Southeast Alaska; and (5) northern coastal Southeast Alaska, which consists of the Situk River and the Klukshu River, a tributary of the Alsek River. A second NJ tree that included collections from the Yukon River and British Columbia did not reveal any strong genetic similarity between Southeast Alaska and the Yukon River. The data suggest that Southeast Alaska may have been colonized from both northern and southern refugia following the last glaciation b?? a period of sufficient time to allow for isolation by distance to occur.
Census Places in Colorado 2017
American Community Survey Census data includes demographics, education level, commute information, and more subset to Colorado by the Department of Local Affairs (DOLA).
Small Business Enterprise listing
This is a list of Small Business Enterprises that meet the criteria set forth by the City of St. Petersburg to qualify as small business.
E-rate Supplemental Entity Information
This data set contains E-rate Productivity Center (EPC) information about schools, libraries, school districts, library systems, consortia, and non-instructional facilities (NIFs). For Annexes information, please refer to the "E-rate Supplemental Entity Information: Annexes" dataset.
Lista de Precios de Obra civil en el Departamento del Cauca
Lista de costos de infraestructura que sirve de soporte y referencia a la actividad de la ingeniería civil en el departamento del CAUCA.
Empresas Publicas de Cundinamarca Listado Maestro de Documentos Internos Julio
Listado de documentos maestros de la Entidad.
ZONAS DIGITALES RURALES EN CENTROS POBLADOS DEL MUNICIPIO DE YOTOCO
Sitios geográficos con servicio de conectividad gratuita al servicio de la comunidad de los centros poblados del municipio de Yotoco.
Law Enforcement Clearance Rates
Clearance rate for Part 1 crimes for law enforcement agencies in Fulton County.  Includes police departments for ten out of fourteen police departments.  Clearance rates were not reported by Johns Creek, Milton, Chattahoochee Hills and Sandy Springs.
Davis County Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014
Davis County Homeless Counts By Household And Individual 2011-2014.
BPD Victim Based Crime Data
All BPD data on Open Baltimore is preliminary data and subject to change. The information presented through Open Baltimore represents Part I victim based crime data. The data do not represent statistics submitted to the FBI's Uniform Crime Report (UCR); therefore any comparisons are strictly prohibited. For further clarification of UCR data, please visit http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/ucr. Please note that this data is preliminary and subject to change. Prior month data is likely to show changes when it is refreshed on a monthly basis. All data is geocoded to the approximate latitude/longitude location of the incident and excludes those records for which an address could not be geocoded. Any attempt to match the approximate location of the incident to an exact address is strictly prohibited.
Vital Signs: Vulnerability to Sea Level Rise - by county
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Vulnerability to Sea Level Rise (EN11)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Share of population living in zones at risk from various sea level rise forecast scenarios    LAST UPDATED  July 2017    DESCRIPTION  Vulnerability to sea level rise refers to the share of the historical and current Bay Area population located in areas at risk from forecasted sea level rise over the coming decades. Given that there are varying forecasts for the heightened high tides (i.e., mean highest high water mark), projected sea level impacts are presented for six scenarios ranging from a one foot rise to six feet. A neighborhood is considered vulnerable to sea level rise when at least 10 percent of its land area is forecasted to be inundated by peak high tides in the coming years. The dataset includes at-risk population and population share data for the region, counties, and neighborhoods.				    DATA SOURCE  San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission  2017  Sea Level Rise Maps  http://www.adaptingtorisingtides.org/project/regional-sea-level-rise-mapping-and-shoreline-analysis/    U.S. Census Bureau  1990-2010  Decennial Census  http://factfinder2.census.gov    U.S. Census Bureau  2015  American Community Survey  http://factfinder2.census.gov    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Projected areas of inundation were developed by BCDC and NOAA at one-foot intervals ranging from one foot to four feet of sea level rise. Regional and local sea level rise analysis is based on data from BCDC’s ART (Adapting to Rising Tides) Bay Area Sea Level Rise and Mapping Project. This data reflects the most up-to-date and detailed sea level rise mapping for the Bay Area. Sea level rise analysis for metro areas is based on national sea level rise mapping from NOAA, which is best for metro-to-metro comparison. To determine the impacts on historical and current populations, inundation areas were overlaid on a U.S. Census shapefile of 2010 Census tracts using Census Bureau population data.     Because census tracts can extend beyond the coastline, the baseline scenario of zero feet was used to determine existing sea level coverage of census tracts. Sea level rise refers to the change from this level. The area of the tract was determined by measuring the component of the tract area not currently under water. This area, rather than the total tract area, was used as the denominator to determine the percentage of the census tract that is inundated under future sea level rise projection scenarios. When at least 10 percent of tract land area is inundated with a given sea level, its residents are considered to be affected by sea level rise.    For the purpose of this analysis, SLR scenarios were assumed not to reflect periodic inundation due to extreme weather events, which may lead to an even greater share of residents affected on a less frequent basis. Prior to the impacts from sea level rise, neighborhoods will experience temporary flooding from extreme weather events which can create significant damage to homes and neighborhoods. It should be noted that by directly reviewing maps and tools through the ART (Adapting to Rising Tides) program, regular inundation sea level rise and temporary flooding from extreme weather events are both available. More information on this approach is available here: http://www.adaptingtorisingtides.org/project/regional-sea-level-rise-mapping-and-shoreline-analysis/    Sea level rise analysis for metro areas reflects local, as opposed to global, sea level rise. Recent data has shown sea level is rising faster in the southeast region of the United States. Regional differences in the rate of sea level rise. More information and data related to the rate of sea level rise for different coastal regions is available here: https://oceanservice.noaa.gov/facts/sealevel-global-local.html
State of Utah Crash Data 2015-2019
This data set contains crash data for the State of Utah from 2015-2019.  Data is from Utah Department of Transportation.
Under Development - Placeholder Dataset
This is a placeholder dataset to be used for goals where there is no data available. In order to display goals as "Under Development" which do not contain data, a goal must be configured using this dataset.
School Enrollment: 2012-13
This dataset contains school-level enrollment counts for 2012-13. Data are disaggregated by race and gender.     Note: Cells are suppressed (marked with an asterisk) where the cell count is less than or equal to five.
LISTADO DE CONCEJALES DEL MUNICIPIO DE SAN ANDRES SANTANDER
FUNCIONES CONSTITUCIONALES DEL CONCEJO    La Constitución le asigna funciones al concejo municipal en varios artículos. Ellas no se encuentran consagradas solamente en el artículo 313 sino que Existen otros artículos que en forma directa le señalaban atribuciones adicionales a la corporación pública municipal. Artículo 313. Corresponde a los concejos:    1. Reglamentar las funciones y la eficiente prestación de los Servicios a cargo del municipio.    2. Adoptar los correspondientes planes y programas de Desarrollo económico y social y de obras públicas.    3. Autorizar al alcalde para celebrar contratos y ejercer pro Tempore precisas funciones de las que corresponden al concejo. “La Sala de Consulta y Servicio Civil del Consejo de Estado estima que “la celebración de contratos por parte del alcalde, requiere siempre de autorización del respectivo concejo municipal. Dicha corporación puede otorgarla en forma genérica, específica, temporal o indeterminada. La celebración de contratos sin la debida autorización del concejo municipal, puede dar lugar al delito de celebración indebida de contratos por falta de requisitos legales para hacerlo, tipificado en el artículo 410 del Código Penal vigente”. Radicación 1.371. En: Jurisprudencia y Doctrina No. 363, marzo de 2002, pág. 529.”    4. Votar de conformidad con la Constitución y la ley los tributos y los gastos locales. “La potestad impositiva corresponde en forma privativa e indelegable a las corporaciones públicas de elección popular. Es inconstitucional que el concejo faculte al alcalde para dictar el estatuto de valorización municipal. Ver: Consejo de Estado. Sala de lo Contencioso Administrativo. Sección Cuarta. Sentencia de octubre 2 de 1998. Expediente 8939. Consejero Ponente: Julio E. Correa Restrepo. En: Jurisprudencia y Doctrina No. 324, diciembre de 1998, págs. 1811-1814. El Concejo Municipal Pedro Alfonso Hernández M.    5. Dictar las normas orgánicas del presupuesto y expedir Anualmente el presupuesto de rentas y gastos.    6. Determinar la estructura de la administración municipal y las Funciones de sus dependencias; las escalas de remuneración Correspondientes a las distintas categorías de empleos; crear, a Iniciativa del alcalde, establecimientos públicos y empresas Industriales o comerciales y autorizar la constitución de Sociedades de economía mixta. “Existe competencia compartida entre el concejo y el alcalde para determinar la organización Administrativa del municipio. Ver: Consejo de Estado. Sala de lo Contencioso Administrativo. Sentencia de junio 13 de 1996. En: Jurisprudencia y Doctrina, agosto de 1996.    7. Reglamentar los usos del suelo y, dentro de los límites que fije la ley, vigilar y controlar las actividades relacionadas como la Construcción y enajenación de inmuebles destinados a vivienda. “En relación con la función del concejo de regulación de los usos del suelo, ver la sentencia de la Corte Constitucional C-006 de 2002, M.P. Clara Inés vargas Hernández.”    8. Elegir personero para el período que fije la ley y los demás Funcionarios que esta determine. “Para el Consejo de Estado, hay nulidad de la elección de funcionarios por parte del concejo Municipal en todos los casos en que se omita la convocatoria con tres días de anticipación. Sala de lo Contencioso Administrativo. Sección Quinta. Sentencia de mayo 28 de 1999. Expediente 2250. Consejero Ponente: Roberto Medina López. En: Jurisprudencia y Doctrina No. 332, agosto de 1999, págs. 1474-1475.    9. Dictar las normas necesarias para el control, la preservación y Defensa del patrimonio ecológico y cultural del municipio.    10. Las demás que la Constitución y la ley les asignen.
Indicators of Educational Need by School: 2013-14
This dataset contains counts and percentages of special education students, English Language Learners (ELL), and students eligible for free or reduced price meals by school for the 2013-14 school year. Small cell sizes have been suppressed, and are denoted by an asterisk.
Libraries - 2015 Visitors by Location
The Chicago Public Library has more than 70 locations. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence Branch closed due to a fire on 10/30/15.														  * Count does not reflect the total building visitor count due to location of traffic counter. Community room and program traffic are not included in totals.
Dallas Police Public Data - RMS Arrest w GeoLocation (Temp)
Dallas Police Public Data - RMS Arrest w GeoLocation (Temp)
C-5A and C-5B, Apportionment Results, C And S Corporations
The dataset includes a summary of the average corporation apportionment factors for all Corporations (C and S Corporations) based on California corporate tax returns.
Presidentes de Juntas de  Acción Comunal Urbano y Rural   Municipio De Pasto a 24-04-2018
Presidentes de Juntas de Acción Comunal sector urbano y Rural
SC Fields Summary Statementof Apprentice- Journeyman Participation - OHNO Construction
Shorecrest Athletic Fields Apprentice Records - Ohno Construction
Localización de Zonas y Puestos de Votacion del Municipio De Galapa - Departamento del Atlántico
Este Conjunto de datos contiene información concerniente a la Localización de Zonas y Puestos de Votación del Municipio De Galapa
2015 - 2016 School Closure Discharge Reporting District Ethnicity
New York City public schools closed for poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 043
NYCHA Citywide Special Events
It contains the special events hosted by NYCHA
Career and Technical Education (CTE) Enrollment by Program and School School Year 2015-2020 to Current Education
This dataset contains the number of enrollees in each program of every school that reported for the 2015 to current school years.  For additional information on Career and Technical Education visit <a href="https://www.education.pa.gov/K-12/Career%20and%20Technical%20Education/Pages/default.aspx">Career and Technical Education</a>.
ACRIS - Document Control Codes
ACRIS Document Type and Class Code mappings for Codes in the ACRIS Real and Personal Property Master Datasets
FY2015 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Geo Renaissance Zone - Community Specific Subzones
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/FY2015-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report/7yau-8nzf
Heating Degree Days In Utah T7.2 1960-2012
Heating Degree Days In Utah T7.2 1960-2012
Residuos peligrosos por municipio
Información que contiene la cantidad de residuos peligrosos generados en cada municipio de la jurisdicción de Corantioquia, correspondiente al período al 2017.
SBC Employment Data By Sector And Industry, 2005-2014
Annual employment data for sectors and industries in San Bernardino County, 2005-2014
311 Citizen Requests for Service
This dataset includes all requests for service received from the City-Parish 311 Call Center, including requests for service submitted online and through the Red Stick 311 mobile application, dating back to January 1, 2016. Submitter names, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses are redacted for privacy purposes. Data is updated daily from the Public Works Business Office and 311 Call Center.    Phone numbers are redacted to protect the contact information and privacy of citizens by replacing raw digits with XXX-XXX-XXXX. For any questions about this process, please contact opendata@brgov.com.
Cantidades de impuesto vehicular recaudado por vehículos registrados en municipios en el Departamento del Atlántico
Conjunto de datos que representan la cantidad de impuesto vehicular recaudado por vehículos registrados en municipios y por periodo en el Departamento del Atlántico.
Ferry Schedules
Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal operates seven ferries. All are links in our provincial highway system and include: Four cable ferries:   LaHave - Lunenburg County;  Country Harbour, Guysborough County;  Little Narrows, Victoria County;  Englishtown, Victoria County. Three ocean-going, self-propelled ferries:   Tancook Island – Chester;  Petit Passage at Digby Neck;  Grand Passage at Digby Neck.  Content within this dataset relates to the operations schedules for all ferries.    Refer to 511 for current availability of service: http://511.gov.ns.ca/en/map/
AFSC/RACE/FBEP/Copeman: Effect of temperature and tissue type on fatty acid signatures of two species of North Pacific juvenile gadids: A laboratory feeding study
This dataset is from a laboratory study that investigated the effect of temperature and tissue type on fatty acid signatures of Pacific cod and walleye pollock.
Bicycle Loop Counters
A. SUMMARY Point features that represent the location of proposed, active, and non-functioning bicycle loop counters in San Francisco  B. METHODOLOGY  N/A  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  Annually
Farms/Fish/Fine Wines And Foam Map
Location of farms, produce stands, farmers' markets, breweries, wineries, and locations to buy dock-fresh fish in San Mateo County. This data comes from the As Fresh As It Gets map: Farms/Fish/Fine Wines And Foam Map--A Guide http://www.freshasitgets.com/index.php/site/main/san_mateo_county_farms_fish_fine_wine_and_foam_map_a_guide. The map is a joint project of As Fresh As It Gets San Mateo County, San Mateo County Convention and Visitors Bureau, San Mateo County Farm Bureau, and the San Mateo County Harbor District.
Prevention Agenda 2019-2024 Tracking Indicators: County Trend Data
There are two datasets related to the County Level Prevention Agenda Tracking Indicators posted on this site. Each dataset consists of county level data for 70 health tracking indicators and sub-indicators for the Prevention Agenda 2019-2024: New York State’s Health Improvement Plan.  A health tracking indicator is a metric through which progress on a certain area of health improvement can be assessed.  The indicators are organized by the Priority Area of the Prevention Agenda as well as the Focus Area under each Priority Area. The data sets also include indicators about major cross-cutting health outcomes and about health disparities. Each dataset includes tracking indicators for the five Priority Areas of the Prevention Agenda 2019-2024.  The most recent year dataset includes the most recent county level data for all indicators. The trend dataset includes the most recent county level data and historical data, where available. Each dataset also includes the Prevention Agenda 2024 state objectives for the indicators. Sub-indicators are included in these datasets to measure health disparities among socioeconomic groups.
Strategic Measure_Percentage of residents ≥ age 65 who received a core set of preventive clinical services in the past 12 months
This data shows the percentage of individuals over age 65+ who have received all of a grouping of preventative health services in Travis County and in Texas by year.  The data is based of off self reported survey data from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/HE-B-2Percentage-of-residents-age-65-who-received-/e3da-kvkn/
Funcionarios Alcaldía de Pasto Septiembre 2020
Funcionarios Alcaldía de Pasto Septiembre 2020, funcionarios de planta con su respectivo cargo, dependencia, tipo de vinculación, entre otros, a septiembre 2020.
Conciliadores Municipales Fortul
Conciliadores Municipales Fortul
2010 Clay County Age Census Data
2010 Decennial Census data on Clay County Age data sorted by Census tract.  ID: P12, Table: SEX BY AGE, Dataset: 2010 Redistricting Data SF (PL 94-171)
2016 Impaired Lakes of Iowa
This dataset represents centroids of lakes, reservoirs, and wetlands listed as "impaired" in Iowa's Section 305(b) Water Quality Assessment and the 303(d) Impaired Waters Report. Together, these two reports are known as Iowa's 2016 Integrated Report.  Waterbodies in Iowa each have specific designations based on what they are commonly used for-recreation, such as swimming or fishing; drinking water; or maintaining a healthy population of fish and other aquatic life. Every two years, Iowa must report on its progress in meeting water quality goals to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The state prepares one report called the 305(b) Water Quality Assessment or 305(b) list. This 305(b) list categorizes waterbodies to reflect: those that meet all the designated uses (category 1), those in which data availability is insufficient to determine whether any or all designated uses are being met (categories 2 and 3), and those waters in which the water quality prevents it from fully meeting its designated use, and is thus considered "impaired". New impairments (or category 5 listings) are placed on the "303(d) Impaired Waters Report", commonly referred to as the "impaired waters list." This is named after section 303(d) of the Federal Clean Water Act and means that the stream or lake needs a water quality improvement plan written (also known by a technical name, "Total Maximum Daily Load," or "TMDL"). The water quality improvement plan outlines water quality problems, identifies sources of the problem(s), identifies needed reductions in pollutants and offers possible solutions. Water quality improvement plans are approved by the EPA and then the waters are moved from the 303(d) list back to the 305(b) list as category 4 listings (waters considered impaired, but a water quality improvement plan has been written).
Local Area Unemployment Statistics (LAUS), Annual Average
This dataset contains the Local Area Unemployment Statistics (LAUS), annual averages from 1990 to 2019.   The Local Area Unemployment Statistics (LAUS) program is a Federal-State cooperative effort in which monthly estimates of total employment and unemployment are prepared for approximately 7,300 areas, including counties, cities and metropolitan statistical areas. These estimates are key indicators of local economic conditions. The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) of the U.S. Department of Labor is responsible for the concepts, definitions, technical procedures, validation, and publication of the estimates that State employment security agencies prepare under agreement with BLS. Estimates for the remainder of the substate labor market areas are produced through a building-block approach known as the "Handbook method." This procedure also uses data from several sources, including the CPS, the CES program, State UI systems, and the decennial census, to create estimates that are adjusted to the statewide measures of employment and unemployment. Below the labor market area level, estimates are prepared using disaggregation techniques based on inputs from the decennial census, annual population estimates, and current UI data.
Post Distribution Monitoring Dataset II for Emergency Food Security Program in Eswatini, 2018
The post distribution monitoring (PDM) survey relates to household food security and the role of food assistance in achieving household food security. The survey asked how beneficiaries use food assistance transfers, whether that usage is consistent with the way in which the project  was designed. Through an accountability mechanism, the beneficiaries could also speak to challenges and provide feedback. This PDM II survey is very similar to PDM I, but also includes additional questions related to the need for a follow-up program, and this survey has information that also speaks to the current status of food insecurity.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Group Associations Dataset
This dataset contains information about what groups or associations the household belongs to. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
Budget - 2017 Budget Ordinance - Appropriations
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1.    This dataset details the budgeted expenditures in the Ordinance and identifies them by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds.    For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Predios en Reglamento de Propiedad Horizontal (RPH) habitacionales.
Información histórica sobre el crecimiento, cantidad de los predios registrados ante el registro de instrumentos públicos bajo el régimen de propiedad horizontal con destino habitacional por sector (Barrio y Vereda).  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Power Partner Thermostat Program
Power Partner was launched in 2013 and is a voluntary program for residential customers who use internet-connected thermostats. View dates and times, starting in calendar year 2006, when we used either this or its predecessor voluntary program to reduce residential energy demand. Go to austinenergy.com/go/powerpartner to learn more.
Asistencia técnica producción de guayaba1
Asistencia técnica Hace parte del plan generar de asistencia técnica en el municipio para el segundo semestre del  2015 siendo una cadena productiva en el desarrollo de la misma.
PEI 2.1 Families Served During Fiscal Year by Program FY2010-2019
Child Abuse/Neglect Prevention Programs include:   Texas Families: Together and Safe (TFTS) - The TFTS program funds evidence-based, community-based programs designed to alleviate stress and promote parental competencies and behaviors that increase the ability of families to become self-sufficient and successfully nurture their children.     Community-Based Child Abuse Prevention (CBCAP) - CBCAP funds a variety of contracts with community-based organizations to provide child abuse and neglect prevention services. These include the Respite/Parent Education, Basic Parent Education, Fatherhood Effects, and the Home-Visiting, Education, and Leadership (HEAL) programs, as well as various special initiatives and public awareness campaigns.     Community Based Family Services (CBFS) - The CBFS program serves families who were investigated by CPS but whose allegations were low-priority or unsubstantiated, through community and evidence-based services. Services include home visitation, case management, and additional social services to provide a safe and stable home environment.     Helping through Intervention and Prevention (HIP) - The HIP program provides an extensive family assessment, home visiting that includes parent education and basic needs support to targeted families.     Healthy Outcomes through Prevention and Early Support (HOPES) - The HOPES program provides child abuse and neglect prevention services that target families with children between 0-5 years of age. Contracts have been awarded in eight counties. Each HOPES contract also has a focus on community collaboration that focus on early childhood and the prevention of child abuse and neglect.   Family Strengthening (FSP) and Tertiary Child Abuse Prevention Programs (TPP) - Served families through 2011.  Military Families Program (MFVPP) -     FOOTNOTES  Families served are counted by primary caregivers' participation in child abuse/neglect prevention programs.     Data as of February 17, 2020.  Please visit dfps.state.tx.us to learn more about PEI and all DFPS programs.
NNDSS - TABLE 1J. Dengue virus infections, Dengue to Severe dengue
NNDSS - TABLE 1J. Dengue virus infections, Dengue to Severe dengue - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
2018 NFIRS Cincinnati Fire Department Incident Data
The National Fire Incident Reporting System (NFIRS) is a reporting standard that fire departments nationwide use to uniformly report on the full range of fire department activities. This dataset emcompasses all fire incidents reported to NFIRS that were responded to by the Cincinnati Fire Department in the year 2018.  Data Description: The National Fire Incident Reporting System (NFIRS) is a reporting standard that fire departments nationwide use to uniformly report on the full range of fire department activities. This dataset emcompasses all fire incidents reported to NFIRS that were responded to by the Cincinnati Fire Department in the year 2018.  Data Creation: NFIRS was created in 1976 to address the United State’s fire problem and is jointly managed by the U.S Fire Administration (USFA) and the National Fire Information Council (NFIC). Over the life of the system, all 50 states, more than 40 major metropolitan areas, and more than 15,000 fire departments have participated in NFIRS. Fore more information please visit: https://www.usfa.fema.gov/data/nfirs/about/index.html  Data Created By: The source of this data is the Cincinnati Fire Department.  Refresh Frequency: This dataset is static and posted annually.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
Thruway Interchanges and Exits
The Interchanges and Exit Listings is a tool for travelers along the Thruway System that provides patrons with a directory of exit numbers, road signage descriptions and mileposts. The csv file contains the latitude and longitude of the location of the interchange and the route name where the interchange is on. Along with interchanges, toll barriers are included as well.
FY2017 MMR Spending and Budget Tables
NYC agency spending and budget information by units of appropriation data from the Mayor's Management Report (MMR).  For information related to the ‘Applicable MMR Goals’ column, refer to <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/FY17-MMR-Goals-And-Services/xk6g-r83g'>FY17 MMR Goals And Services</a>  <i>Use ‘CSV for Excel’ when downloading this dataset and then sort in alphabetical order by Agency.<i>
Charitable Purpose of the Charity in Colorado
Charities data consisting of a charitable organization's registration number, federal employer Identification number (EIN), charitable purpose, filing date.  Data collected by the Colorado Department of State's Charities Program.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a MARZO de 2017
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Marzo de 2017 de las entidades del sector solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Directorio de Sitios Turísticos del Municipio de Risaralda
Información Básica de los Sitios Turísticos del Municipio de Risaralda Caldas
Produccion de leche en el departamento de sucre 2016
Produccion de leche en el departamento de  sucre durante el año 2016.
2013 Election Campaign Contributions
To provide a list of campaign contributions made to both the mayor and City Council candidates during the 2013 Civic election campaign.
Sedes instituciónes Educativas Oficiales Sogamo
Sedes instituciones Educativas Oficiales
On-street Car Parking Sensor Data - 2013
The City of Melbourne has installed in-ground parking bay sensors in most CBD parking bays. These sensors record when a vehicle arrives and when it departs. Each record also includes the parking restriction for the bay and whether the vehicle has overstayed that restriction. This is the data for the 2013 calendar year    Known data issues:     1. There are 987,179 records that have the text ‘OLD’ at the end of the restriction in the field named ‘Sign’. This has been investigated and determined the text refers to one of two things, either:     · At the time of the parking event the restriction that has been captured is correct but when the data was extracted from the server (July 2017) the restriction had since changed.     · (Or) The particular sensor has since been replaced.     2. There are a number of records that have a negative value in the duration in field ‘seconds’. This occurs due to a sensor detecting an arrival time being after the departure time.     3. There are a number of records where the arrival and departure times have not been recorded. If the time has not been recorded the time is calculated from midnight of the arrival day to either midnight of the departure day or to the departure time.
2014 Lobbyist Directory
Directory of registered lobbyists and their respective clients. This list includes both current and past clients for each lobbyist. Lobbyist clients are disclosed by lobbyists registered with the Public Ethics Commission on a quarterly basis in compliance with the Lobbyist Registration Act. This dataset is updated weekly.
CONTRATACION SEPTIEMBRE 2017
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de Septiembre de 2017 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia.
2017 Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Bloodstream Infection (BSI) Laboratory-Identified (LabID) Events Table – Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals
Oregon hospitals report facility-wide MRSA BSIs as part of Oregon’s mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html.
Lobbyist - Subject Matter List
A look up table of each subject matter a lobbyist can select to categorize their municipal question. You can recreate the City Clerk's lobbyist database by downloading all lobbyist datasets on the data portal and view the complete data model of the lobbyist database here: https://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=293053
Registro Activos De Información - Rioblanco Tolima
Registro Activos De Información - Rioblanco Tolima
Distribución de veredas Urumita
Distribucón de las veredas del Municipio de Urumita - La Guajira
Range POC
POC db 01/2016
2012-2013 CLASS SIZE REPORT SCHOOL LEVEL DETAIL
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Annual Parking Study Data
Manual parking study details from citywide paid parking study, presented by blockface and date/hour of study.  Most data is from spring of each year, with some data sets including summer studies.  Study time periods: •	2014 •	2015 •	2016 •	2017 •	2018 •	2019  Purpose: To determine hourly parking occupancy for most paid blockfaces in Seattle   Note: In the column descriptions below, a street segment is typically defined as a drivable public street, or as a public walkway or trail, within Seattle city limits. A blockface is defined as one side of a block between road intersections, and often features a sidewalk.
Adoption & Child Custody Advocacy - Performance Measures Custody Investigations - 2008
The Department is court ordered to complete a home investigation to determine which home is most suitable for permanency or increased visitation
2017 - 2018 November2017 Avg Class Size District K8 - Open Data Portal
K8 Class Size Reports - Aggregated by District
Strategic Measure_Percentage of total energy consumed that is generated by renewable power sources
This data set includes the data used to calculate Austin Energy's load-based carbon footprint. The load-based carbon footprint is a measure of the carbon emissions associated with the electricity that all Austin Energy customers use, referred to as "load," in a given time period.    This dataset supports measure HE.E.4 of SD23  Data Source: ERCOT Nodal Extracts  Calculation: Total Net Megawatts hours (MWh) of renewable energy divided by wholesale load  View more details and insights related to this measure on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/dz3x-kc4h
Medical Procedures by Zip Code (2010)
Table Details							  Region: Bronx							  Source: Hospital Admissions/SPARCS (Detailed) (2010): NYS Dept. of Health							  Category: NYC Residents, Any Hospital							  Count: Persons							  Columns: Service Category							  Rows: Zip Code							  The data satisfies these conditions:							  Borough is 'Bronx'
Indice de Informacion Clasificada y Reservada
Indice de  informacion Clasificada y Reservada del Hospital Regional Alfonso Jaramillo Salazar. Creado por: Coordinado de Sistemas Rvr
Libraries
Listing of all libraries within Prince George's County boundaries. This dataset is updated when changes are required.
Annual Average Daily Traffic (AADT) - Transito Promedio Diario
Fuente: Departamento de Transportación y Obras Publicas  Notas: Conjunto de datos que recoge el flujo vehicular de la red vial de Puerto Rico. Los datos surgen de alrededor de 300 puntos de muestreos que anualmente se fijan en varias carreteras alrededor de la Isla.
Edmonton Arts Council 10 Year Strategic Plan - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many, from the April 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/S.aspx?s=868&r=bw4hh6S508nh9KK5g512C1&t=1    Open from April 17 - 24, 2018.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,774 Insight Community Members. 2,221 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 29%. A total of 2,239 respondents completed the survey: 2,221 Insight Community Members and 10 from the call to action button on our webpage and 8 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
FCRC Annual Concession Plan
The Mayor’s Office of Contract Services oversees and certifies agency compliance with the applicable laws and regulations for franchises and concessions. In certain circumstances, franchises and concessions are also subject to the approval of the Franchise and Concession Review Committee (FCRC).    Franchises are grants of the right to occupy or to use the City’s inalienable property, such as streets or parks, for a public service, e.g., transportation or telecommunications.  Concessions are grants for the private use of city-owned property such as for food sales or recreational activity, with the City’s compensation typically tied to the concessionaire’s revenue. Concessions are also subject to the City's Concession Rules as codified in Title 12 of the Rules of the City of New York.
Corregimientos y Veredas del Municipio de Florencia
Relación de corregimientos y veredas del municipio de Florencia, Caquetá.
OD0057 Child Care Subsidy Program Monthly Caseload
Number of Child Care Subsidy Program open cases, monthly, from 2010. One case could be a single child or a number of children in the same family.
2012 Dec Top Ten Sites
Top Ten Sites from each department in Dec 2012
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH32 B120 POST-VIETNAM ERA VETERANS' EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FEB2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide educational assistance to persons entering the Armed Forces after December 31, 1976, and before July 1, 1985; to assist persons in obtaining an education they might otherwise not be able to afford; and to promote and assist the all volunteer military program of the United States by attracting qualified persons to serve in the Armed Forces. The participant must have entered on active duty on or after January 1, 1977, and before July 1, 1985, and either served on active duty for more than 180 continuous days receiving an other than dishonorable discharge, or have been discharged after January, 1, 1977 because of a service-connected disability. Also eligible are participants who serve for more than 180 days and who continue on active duty and have completed their first period of obligated service (or 6 years of active duty, whichever comes first). Participants must also have satisfactorily contributed to the program. (Satisfactory contribution consists of monthly deduction of $25 to $100 from military pay, up to a maximum of $2,700, for deposit in a special training fund.) Participants may make lump-sum contributions. No individuals on active duty in the Armed Forces may initially begin contributing to this program after March 31, 1987.</p>
OPERATIVIDAD ESTACIÓN PATIOS  2019
Operatividad  Estación de los Patios los meses Mayo, Junio y Julio del 2019
Budget 2019-2020 capital works
Dataset of ACT Government 2019-2020 budget capital works program.
Demand Register FY 2020-21
This dataset contains detail of vendor payments to date during the fiscal year.
California SBC Economy and Health Data
All cause average age-adjusted death rate for three year periods ending 2004-2013 (CA DPH County Health Status Profiles 2006-2015) and percentage of the population living below poverty level (U.S. Census Bureau, American Community Survey 1-Year Estimates, Table S1701).
NNDSS - TABLE 1C. Arboviral diseases, St. Louis encephalitis virus to Western equine encephalitis virus
NNDSS - Table 1C. Arboviral diseases, neuroinvasive and non-neuroinvasive,  St. Louis encephalitis virus disease to Western equine encephalitis virus disease - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:   U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
State Of Utah Income Tax Collections By County 2013
This data set contains state income tax collections by county for tax year 2013.
2015 Child and Adult Health Care Quality Measures
Performance rates on frequently reported health care quality measures in the CMS Medicaid/CHIP Child and Adult Core Sets, for FFY 2015 reporting.    Source: Mathematica analysis of MACPro and Form CMS-416 reports for the FFY 2015 reporting cycle. For more information, see the <a href="https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/quality-of-care/performance-measurement/child-core-set/index.html">Children's Health Care Quality Measures</a> and <a href="https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/quality-of-care/performance-measurement/adult-core-set/index.html">Adult Health Care Quality Measures</a> webpages.
Employee Payroll (Download)
This dataset contains information on Employee Payroll data with overtime. It will be updated monthly.
Directorio Gabinete Administración Vaupés Un Compromiso de Todos
Consulta en este directorio los medios de contacto del gobernador del departamento del Vaupés al igual que el de sus secretarios de despacho, liderando las secretaría de despacho de la administración Vaupés, Un Compromiso de Todos.
SSA Clients By Census Tract By Program And By Adult Child -2014
This file shows the number of children and adults who received assistance from Alameda Social Services Agency from a variety of social welfare programs at any time in 2014, by Census tract. The following programs are included: CalWORKs provides monthly cash assistance to very low income families with children. Immediate Need provides cash assistance to families in the process of applying for CalWORKs, who have an emergency immediate need for cash assistance usually because they are homeless and awaiting approval for CalWORKs. CalFresh provides benefits on a plastic card that can be swiped at stores to pay for food only. Medi-Cal provides no cost or very low-cost health insurance to low income individuals and families. General Assistance provides cash assistance to very low-income adults without children. General Assistance clients who are considered employable are limited to 3 months of aid, while those considered unemployable have no time limit. Foster Care provides cash assistance to families and group homes for children whom the court has determined need a safe place to live when their parents or other relatives cannot take care of them. KinGAP provides cash assistance to relatives who take legal guardianship of former foster youth. Adoption Assistance provides cash assistance to families who adopt former foster youth. Refugee Cash Assistance provides short term monthly cash assistance to very low income to refugee families. One caveat is that individuals may receive assistance from programs through other counties or agencies other than Alameda Social Services Agency, and they would not be counted in these figures. For example, persons may receive Medi-Cal coverage by virtue of being SSI recipients, with eligibility determined by the Social Security Administration, rather than Alameda Social Services Agency. In addition, children may receive Foster Care, KinGAP, or Adoption Assistance from the county where they originally resided, rather than Alameda Social Services, and these youth would also not be counted in these figures.
Vital Signs: Home Prices – by metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Home Prices (EC7)  FULL MEASURE NAME Home Prices  LAST UPDATED August 2019  DESCRIPTION Home prices refer to the cost of purchasing one’s own house or condominium. While a significant share of residents may choose to rent, home prices represent a primary driver of housing affordability in a given region, county or city.	  DATA SOURCE Zillow Median Sale Price (1997-2018) http://www.zillow.com/research/data/  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index All Urban Consumers Data Table (1997-2018; specific to each metro area) http://data.bls.gov   CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Median housing price estimates for the region, counties, cities, and zip code come from analysis of individual home sales by Zillow. The median sale price is the price separating the higher half of the sales from the lower half. In other words, 50 percent of home sales are below or above the median value. Zillow defines all homes as single-family residential, condominium, and co-operative homes with a county record. Single-family residences are detached, which means the home is an individual structure with its own lot. Condominiums are units that you own in a multi-unit complex, such as an apartment building. Co-operative homes are slightly different from condominiums where the homeowners own shares in the corporation that owns the building, not the actual units themselves.   For metropolitan area comparison values, the Bay Area metro area’s median home sale price is the population-weighted average of the nine counties’ median home prices. Home sales prices are not reliably available for Houston, because Texas is a non-disclosure state. For more information on non-disclosure states, see: http://www.zillow.com/blog/chronicles-of-data-collection-ii-non-disclosure-states-3783/  Inflation-adjusted data are presented to illustrate how home prices have grown relative to overall price increases; that said, the use of the Consumer Price Index does create some challenges given the fact that housing represents a major chunk of consumer goods bundle used to calculate CPI. This reflects a methodological tradeoff between precision and accuracy and is a common concern when working with any commodity that is a major component of CPI itself.
Medicaid Financial Management Data
This dataset reports summary state-by-state total expenditures by program for the Medicaid Program, Medicaid Administration and CHIP programs. These state expenditures are tracked through the automated Medicaid Budget and Expenditure System/State Children's Health Insurance Program Budget and Expenditure System (MBES/CBES).    For more information, visit https://medicaid.gov/medicaid/finance/state-expenditure-reporting/expenditure-reports/index.html.
Parroquias e iglesias del municipio de Guadalajara de Buga / Parishes of the municipality of Guadalajara de Buga
Parroquias e iglesias del municipio de Guadalajara de Buga con su información básica de ubicación horario de misas y fechas de consagración / Parishes and churches of the municipality of Guadalajara de Buga with their basic information on the hourly location of masses and dates of consecration
INGRESOS A  JUNIO 2017
INGRESOS A JUNIO 2017
pln_prtl_gap_cvrg [impl]
Plan Finder dataset pln_prtl_gap_cvrg [impl], released on 2020-10-22.
Exempt Organizations registered with the IRS in Utah 2014
This data set is the Exempt Organization Business Master File Extract (EO BMF) from the Internal Revenue Service.  The data includes cumulative information on exempt organizations currently on file with the IRS Exempt Organizations Division.  It is a cumulative list of organizations e3ligible to receive tax-deductible contributions, formerly known as Publication 78.
Registro de activos de información
Registro de activos de información de la Alcaldía Municipal de Santa Rosa del Sur
Recreation Facility and Library Attendance
Recreation Facility and Library Attendance measures visits per capita at City of Edmonton recreation facilities and libraries. Attendance numbers are collected on a monthly basis by each individual recreation facility and library. The results are then combined to produce one annual total. Non-paying visitors who use these facilities as community hubs (for example, to have coffee or socialize during a sports match) are not included in the attendance count.
MATRICULADOS TOTALES POR SITUACIÓN 2018-2
Situaciones académicas en la que se encuentran los matriculados totales al periodo 2018-2
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 24, Figure 22
Apparent retention rates (%) of ACT and Australia Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander students, 2011–17.  Source: ACT Education Directorate 2018.
City of Berkeley Employee Salaries - 2011
All salaries as reported on Transparent California, http://transparentcalifornia.com/, for 2011
HHS Nursing Homes
Nursing Homes Located in Montgomery County
Risky Prescribing Measures Quarter 3 2016 - Current Quarterly County & Statewide Health
View quarterly trends in Risky Prescribing Measures, including:  o	Number/Rate of Individuals Seeing 5+ Prescribers and 5+ Dispensers: Number of individuals who received prescriptions from 5 or more prescribers AND 5 or more dispensers for any Schedule II-V substance in a 3-month period. This measure is also referred to as Multiple Provider Episodes. County rates are calculated based on the patient’s county of residence.  o	Number/Rate of Individuals Seeing 4+ Prescribers and 4+ Dispensers: Number of individuals who received prescriptions from 5 or more prescribers AND 5 or more dispensers for any Schedule II-V substance in a 3-month period. This measure is also referred to as Multiple Provider Episodes. County rates are calculated based on the patient’s county of residence.  o	Number/Rate of Individuals Seeing 3+ Prescribers and 3+ Dispensers: Number of individuals who received prescriptions from 5 or more prescribers AND 5 or more dispensers for any Schedule II-V substance in a 3-month period. This measure is also referred to as Multiple Provider Episodes. County rates are calculated based on the patient’s county of residence.  o	Number/Rate of Individuals with an Average Daily MME >50, >90 or >120: Average Daily MME is calculated as the sum of the total MME on each day in a time period based on all prescriptions an individual has filled divided by the number of days in the prescription(s).  Measures include the number and rate of individuals prescribed greater than 50 MME per day, greater than 90 MME per day, or greater than 120 MME per day and is based on the patient’s county of residence. o	Number/Rate of Individuals with Overlapping Opioid/Benzodiazepine Prescriptions: Number of individuals receiving overlapping opioid and benzodiazepine prescriptions during a given quarter. This measure is based on the patients’ county of residence. o	Number/Rate of Individuals with > 30 Days of Overlapping Opioid/Benzodiazepine Prescriptions: Number and rate of individuals receiving overlapping opioid and benzodiazepine prescriptions for 30 days or more during a given quarter using state/county populations as denominators. This measure is based on the patients’ county of residence.  Please see PDMP Data Technical Notes for additional details: https://www.health.pa.gov/topics/programs/PDMP/Pages/Data.aspx
Veterans with No Service Connected Disability Enrollment and VA Healthcare Usage by Race/Ethnicity
<p>This dataset contains information on minority veteran healthcare usage, educational attainment, unemployment rates, median income, and projected population figures.</p>
Locations of Docked Bikeshare Stations by System and Year
Latitude and longitude for docked bikeshare stations by system and year. Data can be used to see the changes in the locations of docked bikeshare stations over time within a system. Only docked bikeshare systems open to the general public are included in the count. College, employer, and resident docked bikeshare systems are not counted.
DLLR Performance Improvement Measures
# of GED® and NEPD diplomas awarded, WIA - The percentage of Youth program participants who are enrolled in education at the date of participation or at any point during the program and obtain a High School diploma, GED, or a recognized certificate by the end of the 3rd quarter following program exit, Unemployment Rate, Rate that adult employment trainees enter employment, and percentage of consumer complaints against licensees closed within 180 days of receipt
Estudiantes por facultad por departamento de procedencia
Estudiantes inscritos, admitidos, matriculados primera vez y matriculados totales por facultad y por departamento de procedencia
Vital Signs: Population – by region shares (updated)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Population (LU1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Population estimates  LAST UPDATED October 2019  DESCRIPTION Population is a measurement of the number of residents that live in a given geographical area, be it a neighborhood, city, county or region.  DATA SOURCES U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census No link available (1960-1990) http://factfinder.census.gov (2000-2010)  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates Table E-6: County Population Estimates (1961-1969) Table E-4: Population Estimates for Counties and State (1971-1989) Table E-8: Historical Population and Housing Estimates (2001-2018) Table E-5: Population and Housing Estimates (2011-2019) http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census - via Longitudinal Tract Database Spatial Structures in the Social Sciences, Brown University Population Estimates (1970 - 2010) http://www.s4.brown.edu/us2010/index.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 5-Year Population Estimates (2011-2017) http://factfinder.census.gov  U.S. Census Bureau: Intercensal Estimates Estimates of the Intercensal Population of Counties (1970-1979) Intercensal Estimates of the Resident Population (1980-1989) Population Estimates (1990-1999) Annual Estimates of the Population (2000-2009) Annual Estimates of the Population (2010-2017) No link available (1970-1989) http://www.census.gov/popest/data/metro/totals/1990s/tables/MA-99-03b.txt http://www.census.gov/popest/data/historical/2000s/vintage_2009/metro.html https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-total-metro-and-micro-statistical-areas.html  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) All legal boundaries and names for Census geography (metropolitan statistical area, county, city, and tract) are as of January 1, 2010, released beginning November 30, 2010, by the U.S. Census Bureau. A Priority Development Area (PDA) is a locally-designated area with frequent transit service, where a jurisdiction has decided to concentrate most of its housing and jobs growth for development in the foreseeable future. PDA boundaries are current as of August 2019. For more information on PDA designation see http://gis.abag.ca.gov/website/PDAShowcase/.  Population estimates for Bay Area counties and cities are from the California Department of Finance, which are as of January 1st of each year. Population estimates for non-Bay Area regions are from the U.S. Census Bureau. Decennial Census years reflect population as of April 1st of each year whereas population estimates for intercensal estimates are as of July 1st of each year. Population estimates for Bay Area tracts are from the decennial Census (1970 -2010) and the American Community Survey (2008-2012 5-year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Estimates of population density for tracts use gross acres as the denominator.  Population estimates for Bay Area PDAs are from the decennial Census (1970 - 2010) and the American Community Survey (2006-2010 5 year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Population estimates for PDAs are derived from Census population counts at the tract level for 1970-1990 and at the block group level for 2000-2017. Population from either tracts or block groups are allocated to a PDA using an area ratio. For example, if a quarter of a Census block group lies with in a PDA, a quarter of its population will be allocated to that PDA. Tract-to-PDA and block group-to-PDA area ratios are calculated using gross acres. Estimates of population density for PDAs use gross acres as the denominator.  Annual population estimates for metropolitan areas outside the Bay Area are from the Census and are benchmarked to each decennial Census. The annual estimates in the 1990s were not updated to match the 2000 benchmark.  The following is a
Autoridades Territoriales Departamento del Vaupés
Conozca las autoridades territoriales del departamento del Vaupés, que conducirán al departamento en el cuatrienio 2020 2023.
DOP Juvenile Probationers Rearrested As A Percentage Of NYPD Arrest Report (Monthly Average)
The percentage of juvenile probationer arrests relative to all arrests recorded by the Police Department during the reporting period.
4730B_Facilities Services
Performance measures dataset
Empresas gestion de residuos
Empresas identificadas con procesos de gestión de residuos
NNDSS - Table II. Chlamydia to Coccidioidomycosis
NNDSS - Table II. Chlamydia to Coccidioidomycosis - 2017.  In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.    Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:   C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.     U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.     † Case counts for reporting year 2017 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for tuberculosis are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.
Initiation
The Initiation results data presented here reflects all of the arrests that came through the door of the State's Attorneys Office (SAO). An initiation is how an arrest turns into a “case” in the courts. Most cases are initiated through a process known as felony review, in which SAO attorneys make a decision whether or not to prosecute. Cases may also be indicted by a grand jury or, in narcotics cases, filed directly by law enforcement (labeled "BOND SET (Narcotics)" in this data). Included in this data set are the defendant counts by initiation and year. This data includes felony cases handled by the Criminal, Narcotics, and Special Prosecution Bureaus. It does not include information about cases processed through the Juvenile Justice and Civil Actions Bureaus.  Please use this link for more instructions and data glossary:  https://www.cookcountystatesattorney.org/resources/how-read-data
Procesos de Responsabilidad Fiscal Gestionados durante la Vigencia 2019 - Contraloria General del Departamento del Cesar
En este conjunto de datos se puede observar la cantidad de Procesos Gestionados en la dependencia de responsabilidad fiscal durante la vigencia 2019. Teniendo en cuenta el año  de correspondencia de los procesos.
Fire Department Activities Data
This dataset includes monthly data for the following fields: fire, automobile accidents, emergency services (EMS), hazardous condition, other responses, alarms, inspections, inter-facility transfers, intra-facility transfers, mutual given, and mutual aid received.
Service Request Statistics By Cateogry
Requests submitted through the online service request system on the City's website (www.ci.janesville.wi.us). Data is collected through the website content management system.
Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Belén de Umbría
Instituciones educativas existentes en el municipio de Belén de Umbría
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) Hourly Data Sydney BAM/T640
Hourly ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5) data in micrograms per cubic metre from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.
FY2013 Suspensions
Data reflects the 2012-2013 school year.  To comply with federal regulations, any percentage rate greater than or equal to 95% or less than or equal to 3% will be noted as 95% and 3%, respectively.  Results are not reported (--) for groups with fewer than ten students enrolled.
Drug and Alcohol Treatment Get Help Now Intake Hotline November 2016 - Current Statewide Drug and Alcohol Programs
This dataset reports statewide and county numbers of calls and intakes by individuals seeking treatment from hotline staff since the inception of Pennsylvania’s Get Help Now Hotline, text line, and chat line in November 2016.  When a field is blank the information is not available; these data were not collected at the time of the phone call.
Winter in Edmonton - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from Part 1 of the March 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1583&as=y9uZ0LU45H&t=1      Open from March 14 - 21, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6696 Insight Community Members. 1850 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 1869 respondents completed the survey: 1850 Insight Community Members and 19 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Estado Financiero Municipio de El Tambo Cauca Primer Semestre 2017
Consolidado de presupuestal de inversión del primer semestre de 2017, de la Alcaldía Municipal de El Tambo Cauca
Hoteles Del Municipio de La Dorada
Listado De Hoteles que están ubicados en el Municipio de La Dorada
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2010
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2010
Nursing Home Deficiencies in Utah 2020
This data set contains nursing home deficiencies/violations for every Medicare and Medicaid certified nursing home in Utah.
Census 2001 - Dwelling
Characteristics of a dwelling (type, tenure, condition, period of construction, and costs) organized by neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city.
Docentes de planta por programa 2019-1
Programas a los cuales pertenecen los docentes de planta
Alameda County Census 2010 Raw Data
Alameda County Census 2010 Raw Data  Race, Combinations of Two Races, and Not Hispanic or Latino: 2010
Vital Signs: Population – by county shares
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Population (LU1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Population estimates  LAST UPDATED October 2019  DESCRIPTION Population is a measurement of the number of residents that live in a given geographical area, be it a neighborhood, city, county or region.  DATA SOURCES U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census No link available (1960-1990) http://factfinder.census.gov (2000-2010)  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates Table E-6: County Population Estimates (1961-1969) Table E-4: Population Estimates for Counties and State (1971-1989) Table E-8: Historical Population and Housing Estimates (2001-2018) Table E-5: Population and Housing Estimates (2011-2019) http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census - via Longitudinal Tract Database Spatial Structures in the Social Sciences, Brown University Population Estimates (1970 - 2010) http://www.s4.brown.edu/us2010/index.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 5-Year Population Estimates (2011-2017) http://factfinder.census.gov  U.S. Census Bureau: Intercensal Estimates Estimates of the Intercensal Population of Counties (1970-1979) Intercensal Estimates of the Resident Population (1980-1989) Population Estimates (1990-1999) Annual Estimates of the Population (2000-2009) Annual Estimates of the Population (2010-2017) No link available (1970-1989) http://www.census.gov/popest/data/metro/totals/1990s/tables/MA-99-03b.txt http://www.census.gov/popest/data/historical/2000s/vintage_2009/metro.html https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-total-metro-and-micro-statistical-areas.html  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) All legal boundaries and names for Census geography (metropolitan statistical area, county, city, and tract) are as of January 1, 2010, released beginning November 30, 2010, by the U.S. Census Bureau. A Priority Development Area (PDA) is a locally-designated area with frequent transit service, where a jurisdiction has decided to concentrate most of its housing and jobs growth for development in the foreseeable future. PDA boundaries are current as of August 2019. For more information on PDA designation see http://gis.abag.ca.gov/website/PDAShowcase/.  Population estimates for Bay Area counties and cities are from the California Department of Finance, which are as of January 1st of each year. Population estimates for non-Bay Area regions are from the U.S. Census Bureau. Decennial Census years reflect population as of April 1st of each year whereas population estimates for intercensal estimates are as of July 1st of each year. Population estimates for Bay Area tracts are from the decennial Census (1970 -2010) and the American Community Survey (2008-2012 5-year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Estimates of population density for tracts use gross acres as the denominator.  Population estimates for Bay Area PDAs are from the decennial Census (1970 - 2010) and the American Community Survey (2006-2010 5 year rolling average; 2010-2014 5-year rolling average; 2013-2017 5-year rolling average). Population estimates for PDAs are derived from Census population counts at the tract level for 1970-1990 and at the block group level for 2000-2017. Population from either tracts or block groups are allocated to a PDA using an area ratio. For example, if a quarter of a Census block group lies with in a PDA, a quarter of its population will be allocated to that PDA. Tract-to-PDA and block group-to-PDA area ratios are calculated using gross acres. Estimates of population density for PDAs use gross acres as the denominator.  Annual population estimates for metropolitan areas outside the Bay Area are from the Census and are benchmarked to each decennial Census. The annual estimates in the 1990s were not updated to match the 2000 benchmark.  The following is a
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of November 2018.</p>
Reporte Epidemiológico Enfermedades Transmitidas por Vectores Primer Semestre 2020
Reporte epidemiológico sobre enfermedades transmitidas por vectores en el Municipio de Oporapa durante el primer semestre del 2020.
MATRICULA  POR EDAD PARA JOVENES EN EXTRAEDAD Y ADULTOS
Es la evolución de la matricula por edad para jóvenes en extraedad de las instituciones educativas oficiales de la ciudad de Pereira desde el año 2010 hasta el año 2019.
Strategic Measure_HOST Encounters
Number of Homeless Outreach Street Team (HOST) encounters with persons experiencing homelessness resulting in potential diversions or avoided system costs.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/h55f-85nb/
Edmonton South Air Pollutant Exceedances 2010-2015
This data lists the % of time the air pollutant concentrations were above federal guidelines. For NO2, this is 0.195 ppm for a 1-hour period; for O3, this is 0.063 ppm for an 8-hour period; for PM2.5 this is 28 ppt  for a 24-hour period; and for SO2, this is 0.172 ppm over a 1-hour period.
Federal Prime Grant Awards to Utah or other Utah entities 2008-2018
This data set contains federal prime grant awards to entities within Utah from 2010 - 2017.
Tasas de homicidios según municipios por cien mil habitantes. Años 1990 - 2017
Tasa de homicidios según municipio por cien mil habitantes
Mapa Georeferenciado Entidades Inscritas en Fogafín
Fogafín - Mapa Georeferenciado Entidades Inscritas
2009 VHA Facility Quality and Safety Report - Hospital Settings
<p>The 2008 Hospital Report Card was mandated by the FY08 Appropriations Act, and focused on Congressionally-mandated metrics applicable to general patient populations. The 2009 VHA Facility Quality and Safety Report report, not required by Congress, shifts to Veteran-centered metrics, and includes information related to infrastructure, care provided in outpatient and hospital settings, quality of care within given patient populations, accreditation status, patient satisfaction and patient outcomes for FY2008.  The data in this report have been compiled from multiple sources throughout VHA.  This dataset includes adjusted mortality rate for three defined populations: Pneumonia, Congestive Heart Failure, and Acute Myocardial Infarction, Nosocomisal Infections, Percent of patients on prophalaxis for deep vein thrombosis and Observed minus expected length of stay.</p>
Canal System Boat Launches Across New York State
The New York State Canal System is a 524 mile inland waterway that includes 125 public access points for placing a boat into the water, 74 of which are ramps for trailer-able boats. Information provided in this data set includes the name of the facility, the type of launch, if overnight parking of tow vehicles is permitted, and specific location by mileage along the canal, shore, and geographic coordinates.
New York State Enacted Budget Appropriations (Non-Capital): 2020-21
This data set includes appropriation, reappropriations and workforce levels as they related to the FY 2021 Enacted Budget.
Economic Development Compliance: Family Business Loans
The Family Business Loan Program is a public-private partnership between the City of Austin, HUD, and participating private lenders to offer low-interest loans to qualified small businesses that are expanding and creating jobs.
Permitted Dams in the State of Iowa
Permitted dams in Iowa and associated attributes, as recorded by the Floodplain Section of the DNR. The dams regulated are those with the parameters listed below: a. Any dam designed to provide a sum of permanent and temporary storage exceeding 50 acre-feet at the top of dam elevation, or 25 acre-feet if the dam does not have an emergency spillway, and which has a height of 5 feet or more. b. Any dam designed to provide permanent storage in excess of 18 acre-feet and which has a height of 5 feet or more. c. Any dam located in or within 1 mile of an incorporated municipality, if the dam has a height of 10 feet or more, stores 10 acre-feet or more at the top of dam elevation, and is situated such that the discharge from the dam will flow through the incorporated area. d. Also regardless of dam height and storage, any urban area dam situated across a stream that has a drainage are of more than two square miles and any dam in a rural area situated across a stream that has a drainage area of more than 10 square mile. The generally known threshold is any dam that has a height of five feet or more and a permanent water storage volume of more than 18 acre-feet. The height is measure from the top of the dam to the lowest point on the downstream side of the dam, usually the streambed.
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Ground-level Ozone (O3) Hourly Data Sydney
Hourly ambient ground-level ozone (O3) data in parts per billion from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.
Catalog of Enterprise Systems
Catalog of Enterprise Systems published in accordance with California Government Code section 6270.5
AUDITORÍA ESPECIAL A ESTADOS FINANCIEROS
Resumen Auditorías Especial a los Estados Financieros
311 Service Requests - Vacant and Abandoned Buildings Reported - Historical
As described in http://bit.ly/311HistoricalPost, the function of this dataset was replaced by https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/v6vf-nfxy. This dataset is historical-only.  All 311 calls for open and vacant buildings reported to the City of Chicago since January 1, 2010. The information is updated daily with the previous day's calls added to the records. The data set provides the date of the 311 service request and the unique Service Request # attached to each request. For each request, the following information (as reported by the 311 caller) is available: address location of building; whether building is vacant or occupied; whether the building is open or boarded; entry point if building is open; whether non-residents are occupying or using the building, if the building appears dangerous or hazardous and if the building is vacant due to a fire.
Locations of HOC Offices
Office Locations for the Housing Opportunities Commission (HOC) of Montgomery County.  Source: HOC
Proyecciones de Población del Municipio de Medellín-1993-2005-2015
Proyecciones de Población del Municipio de Medellín años 1993, 2005-2015 por comunas, corregimientos, grupos quinquenales de edad y sexo
Población Afiliada El Sistema General De Seguridad En Salud Municipio Armenia y Grupos Especiales
Información estadística generada en la secretaria de salud municipal, oficina de aseguramiento
Nowcast Predictions for Local Transmission of Chikungunya Virus
Interactive visualization: http://www.cdc.gov/chikungunya/modeling/index.html. This dataset contains monthly predictions for the spread of chikungunya virus transmission. A full description of the methods is available at: http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0104915.
CalCOFI Larvae Counts, Scientific Names MP to NA
Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.e
August 2019 Primary Election Night Precinct Results
Precinct level results as of election night for the August 6, 2019 primary election.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Period of Service
Veterans: Period of Service by census tract and Health and Human Services Service Area. Veterans: Civilians who have served (even for a short time), but are not currently serving, on active duty in the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard, or who served in the U.S. Merchant Marine during World War II.  People who served in the National Guard or Reserves are classified as veterans only if they were ever called or ordered to active duty. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B21002.
2015 - ODOT - Construction Contracts - Fiscal Year 2015
Summary of Oregon Department of Transportation construction contracts that are not in ORPIN for Fiscal Year 2015. For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/contracts.aspx.
Population by Neighborhood
This dataset was provided by the City Planning and Development Department and contains population figures for each Kansas City, Missouri Neighborhood according to the 2010 Census.
PROPIEDAD HORIZONTAL DEL MUNICIPIO DE MOSQUERA
PROPIEDAD HORIZONTAL DEL MUNICIPIO DE MOSQUERA
Coberturas administrativas de vacunación por municipio periodo 2018
Coberturas administrativas de vacunación por municipio periodo 2018
City Budget - General Fund
General Fund Budgets: FY14 forward
Registro de Activos de Información
Registro de activos de información de la ANH, de acuerdo a lo dispuesto en la ley 1712 de 2014.
featured_stories-3
Template Dataset: featured_stories
CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR HOSPITALIZACION - AGOSTO 2019
Causas de morbilidad por hospitalizacion para el mes de agosto de 2019.
PEI 1.1 Youth Served During the Fiscal Year by Program FY2010-2019
Prevention and Early Intervention (PEI) was created to consolidate child abuse prevention and juvenile delinquency prevention and early intervention programs within the jurisdiction of a single state agency. To provide services for at-risk children, youth, and families.  Community Youth Development (CYD) - The CYD program contracts services in 15 targeted Texas ZIP codes with community-based organizations to develop juvenile delinquency prevention programs in areas with high juvenile crime rates. Approaches used by communities to prevent delinquency include mentoring, youth employment programs, career preparation, youth leadership development and recreational activities.  Communities prioritize and fund specific prevention services according to local needs.  Services to At-Risk Youth (STAR) - The STAR program contracts with community agencies to offer family crisis intervention counseling, short- term emergency respite care, individual and family counseling, and universal child abuse prevention services, ranging from local media campaigns to informational brochures and parenting classes in all counties in Texas. Youth up to age 17 and their families are eligible if they experience conflict at home, truancy or delinquency, or a youth who runs away from home. In FY2018, contracts for the STAR program were re-procured and started on December 1, 2017. Under these contracts, families could be served through traditional STAR services or through one-time focused skills training (STAR Express). In some cases, families participating in skills training also chose to enroll in traditional STAR services. Programmatically, these families are counted uniquely in both programs; for DFPS Data Book purposes, they are reported unduplicated.   Statewide Youth Services Network (SYSN) - The SYSN program contracts provide community and evidence-based juvenile delinquency prevention programs focused on youth ages 10 through 17, in each DFPS region.   Data as of February 17, 2020.   Please visit dfps.state.tx.us to learn more about PEI and all DFPS programs.
Animal Control Facilities Licensed for FY 2017 (July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017 ) - Updated 11/21/2016
Animal Control Facilities Licensed for FY 2017
APS 3.5 Investigations: Perpetrators by Region with Demographics FY2010-2019
Chapter 48, Title 2, of the Texas Human Resources Code (HRC) and Chapter 705 of the Texas Administrative Code (TAC) authorizes APS to investigate abuse and financial exploitation of a person age 65 or older or an adult with a disability when the person responsible for the maltreatment is a:    •  caretaker;   •  paid caretaker;   •  family member; or    •  person who has an ongoing relationship with the alleged victim.  Examples include a personal friend, paramour, or roommate. In the case of neglect, the perpetrator may also be the victim himself or herself.  This is called "Self-neglect". In cases of family violence, a protective order can be obtained from a court that prohibits a member of a family or household from remaining in the household, and from contacting or coming near the victim. The purpose of the order is to prevent that person from committing further acts of family violence against the victim. The statutes governing family violence protective orders are set forth in Texas Family Code Chapters 71-87. This order is only available when family violence has been committed by a family member, member of the household, or in some circumstances by a person the victim has dated.  Each victim may have more than one perpetrator at the end of an investigation.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs.
Sedes Administrativas Municipio de Envigado
Sedes Administrativas Municipio de Envigado con sus direcciones, teléfonos de contacto y geolocalicación
The Tax Burden on Tobacco, 1970-2018
1970-2018. Orzechowski and Walker. Tax Burden on Tobacco. Tax burden data was obtained from the annual compendium on tobacco revenue and industry statistics, The Tax Burden on Tobacco. Data are reported on an annual basis; Data include federal and state-level information regarding taxes applied to the price of a pack of cigarettes.
2018 Bias Incident Reports by Type
The Seattle Office for Civil Rights (SOCR) receives calls on the Bias Incident Reporting Line. This dataset shows the amount of calls received each quarter of 2018 by type of report. An “uncategorized” type means the call did not fall into one of the listed categories or SOCR was unable to confirm the type of report.
Strategic Measure_EOA.B.4 Number and percentage of residents that are living in an area considered to be a Complete Community
A resident in a complete community is someone residing in an area that is within a 20 minute walk to multiple essential destinations. Calculation method: This study measured the distance and time it takes for a pedestrian to reach five essential destination, or "indicators," from any point across the city using the existing network of sidewalks and crossings within a 20-minute walk time. Using GIS software, this evaluation resulted in a rasterized overlay of geographic outlines of “walksheds” surrounding each indicator destination. Residential estimates were found using an internal database of residential housing units and applied density assumptions and should not be compared to other demographic datasets. Data was sourced from City of Austin, CapMetro, and Austin ISD.   View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/rw4g-mrjp
Davis School District Sage Scores 2014
Davis School District Sage Scores 2014
JTA Project Status
The Oregon Legislature passed the Jobs & Transportation Act in 2009, allocating funds to build transportation projects around Oregon. This data gives an update on the status of these projects.
Number and Percentage of residents living in proximity to a City-supported fresh food access point (HE.F.2)
This dataset supports measure HE.F.2 of SD23. Data Source: Third Party Department Calculation: (Resident living in proximity to Fresh Food Access Points)/(Total Residents) Measure Time Period: Annually Automated: No Date of last description update: 4/3/2020
Water Consumption, 2011, By Residential Indoor vs. Outdoor Use
Water consumption in 2011 by residential indoor versus outdoor use in cubic feet.
National Summary of Inpatient Charge Data by Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG), FY2013
The Inpatient Utilization and Payment national summary data provides information on inpatient discharges for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Inpatient PUF includes information on utilization, payment (total payment and Medicare payment), and hospital-specific charges for the more than 3,000 U.S. hospitals that receive Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) payments for the top 100 most frequently billed discharges, paid under Medicare based on a rate per discharge using the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013.
CWI Wetlands Delineation
CWI Wetland boundary arcs primarily in unincorporated Pierce County. Surveyed, field-checked, and wetlands from aerial photos/NWI are included in this inventory. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_cwi_boundaries.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
ENERGY STAR Certified Smart Thermostats
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 1.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Connected Thermostats that are effective as of December 23, 2016. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/heating_cooling/smart_thermostats/key_product_criteria.
PSP FY16 REC Program Summary
FY16 Recommended Program Summary
Temporary Emergency Leave Employees
Effective April 5, 2020 the City of Cincinnati is transitioning to a new temporary staffing model citywide. While every City position is vital in terms of our general operations, for the time being we are moving to a COVID-19 response and core critical service only model. In order to meet staffing needs, limit community spread and cope with other mitigating circumstances, the City implemented a Temporary Emergency Leave (TEL) process for the majority of employees deemed noncritical to providing core services or  addressing the public health emergency response.  This data set is updated as changes are made to the list, usage and references to this data set should include the date and time it was pulled.   This dataset will be updated daily.
EVALUACIONES AGROPECUARIAS CULTIVOS PERMANENTES EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DEL CESAR 2018
Datos de las evaluaciones Agropecuarias del Departamento del Cesar de cultivos permanentes 2018
DISCONTINUIDAD
DISCONTINUIDAD JUNIO 2020
Sitios Turisticos Del Municipio
Sitios turísticos del municipio de Gramalote para visitar
Directorio de Centros de Conciliación
Directorio activo de los los centros de conciliación registrados en el sistema de conciliación, arbitraje y amigable composición SICAAC al 30 de septiembre del 2020.
Libraries - 2013 Holds Filled by Location
Materials pulled to fulfill patron holds. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Edgewater Branch reopened in a new, 2-story facility on 6/22/2013. Humboldt Park Branch closed 3/26/2012 for construction of a 5,000-square-foot addition; it reopened 2/9/2013. Albany Park Branch closed 9/22/2012 for construction of a new branch expected to open in 2014. Interim services are being provided in the Albany Park community. Gage Park Branch closed 2/22/2013-3/1/2013 for full carpet replacement and South Shore Branch was closed from 5/13/2013-6/29/2013 for repairs and renovation. Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages.
NNDSS - Table II. Lyme disease to Meningococcal
NNDSS - Table II. Lyme disease to Meningococcal - 2015.In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed.The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.    NP: Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, have been moved to Table 2 to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions. ��� Case counts for reporting year 2015 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly. �� Data for meningococcal disease, invasive caused by serogroups ACWY; serogroup B; other serogroup; and unknown serogroup are available in Table I.
Neighbourhood Leisure Centres - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among several from the August 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5dYrPKFE8iNAYVEdoSLqse?t=1  Open from August 14 - 21, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 9,266 Insight Community Members. 2,639 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 29%. A total of 2,661 respondents completed the survey: 2,639 Insight Community Members and 12 from the call to action button on our webpage and 10 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Instituciones educativas Municipio de Rovira Tolima
Instituciones educativas Municipio de Rovira Tolima sedes
Affordability Index
Affordability index by census tract. The affordability index is defined as the housing plus transportation costs divided by the typical regional income. Data is provided by  CNT. For more information please visit https://htaindex.cnt.org/map/.
NCHS - Pregnancy and Live Birth Rates, by Marital Status and Race and Hispanic Origin: United States, 1990-2010
https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data-visualization/births-to-unmarried-women/index.htm
Percent of Public Records Requests Responded to Within Five Business Days
Tracks the time it takes Pierce County to provide an initial, non-automated response to public records requests. The goal is to respond to all requests within five business days.
LISTADO DE ALCALDES DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2019
Directorio de los Alcaldes del Departamento del Atlántico a Junio 2019
FAC Performance Ratios
From 2010 to 2019 the operating cost per square foot for buildings maintained by Facilities Management increased 7.9% after adjusting for inflation. The ten year average is $9.87.
Nursing-placements-2014
Lehman College Nursing student  placements as of November 2014
CalCOFI Larvae Counts, Scientific Names AN to AR
Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.
Almacen Papelerias Variedades Palmar De Varela
listado de almacenes, papelerias y variedades de Palmar de Varela
On-street Car Parking Sensor Data - 2019
The City of Melbourne has installed in-ground parking bay sensors in most CBD parking bays. These sensors record when a vehicle arrives and when it departs. Each record also includes the parking restriction for the bay and whether the vehicle has overstayed that restriction. An event will include if a vehicle was present or not which can determine stay time and vacancy time.
Speed Smart - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the March 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=898&as=vJ13e5gK1H&t=1    Open from March 07 - 15, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 4847 Insight Community Members. 1885 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 39%. A total of 1893 respondents completed the survey: 1885 Insight Community Members and 8 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attached document, found under the "About" option, in the "Attachments" section.
Food and Restaurants Inspection Scores 2017 - Present (Download)
This dataset contains information on "Food and Restaurants Inspection Scores" for the City of Montgomery from Jan 1, 2017 to present. It will be updated monthly.
Third Grader English-Language Arts & Math Proficiency
This dataset includes counts and rates for scores which met or exceeded proficiency standards on the Missouri Assessment Program (MAP) English-Language Arts and Math tests. The dataset only includes counts for third grade test takers. The Missouri Department of Elementary & Secondary Education (DESE) collects, maintains and publishes Below Basic, Basic, Proficient and Advanced counts and rates for the state and all public school districts. Proficient or Advanced Rate is calculated as: ((Proficient Results + Advanced Results) / Reportable Results) x 100
2014 - 15 Guidance Counselor Data
Department of Education 2014 - 15 Guidance Counselor Data for the school year.
Índice de Agua No Contabilizada IANC 2015
INFORME CON EL PORCENTAJE MENSUAL DE ÍNDICE DE AGUA NO CONTABILIZADA
2010 Census/ACS Basic Block Group Data
basic characteristics of people and housing for individual 2010 census block groups
Chicago Park District: Movies in the Parks 2019
List of all Movies in the Parks events. This list is a one-time upload and cancellations will not be updated. Please visit the Chicago Park District website or call the Movies in the Parks hotline at 312-742-1134 to check for cancellations due to weather.  All movie screenings begin at dusk. Estimate 8:30 from June-July 15, 8:15 from July 15 - August 15 and 8:00 after August 15.
2015 San Diego Demographics - Race/Ethnicity
The number and percent of the population stratified by race/ethnicity. API refers to Asian/ Pacific Islanders and include Asian, Pacific Islander, and Native Hawaiian. Other Race includes American Indian or Alaska Native, 2 or more races, and other. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B03002.
Census Demographics (2010-2013)
Most indicators throughout Vital Signs are created by acquiring and analyzing data collected from governmental agencies for some public administration purpose, such as 311 calls or housing inspections. However, data from the United States Bureau of the Census remains the best source for demographic and socioeconomic indicators for neighborhoods. The Census Bureau collects a wide variety of information through administration of both the decennial Census and the annual American Community Survey (ACS).
Listado De Veredas De Tame
Veredas que conforman nuestro Municipio
State-level Geographic Variation Public Use File Medicare Utah
This data set contains the Geographic Variation Public Use File from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  This data file contains demographic, spending, utilization and quality indicators at the state level.
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2007 Q2
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2007 Q2
Underground Water Levels Sherwood Hills Landslide, Provo B-7
This data set contains Groundwater Monitoring Data acquired through the West Desert Groundwater Monitoring-Well Project (including Snake Valley) and other projects.
MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN-STATE FISCAL YEAR 2010
AVERAGE MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN-STATE FISCAL YEAR 2010  * Due to rounding some towns may not display a case but will display recipients.  This is due to most cases having more than one recipient and therefore when averaged,the recipient count will be .5 or higher, and be counted as 1.Note: Due to rounding, program and statewide totals may appear inaccurate.
State of Utah Fuel Sites 2014
This data set represents State of Utah managed networked fuel sites.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-DominicanRepublic, 2008 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Dominican Republic as part of its 2008 round of surveys.  The 2008 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and the field work was carried out by Gallup Dominican Republic, S.A..,
ISD - Monthly Service Performance Metrics
Service Metric Data for ISD Department Dashboard
Rainbow Crosswalk - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the June 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=325&t=1. Open from June 08 - 16, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2834 Insight Community Members. 1297 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 46%. A total of 1396 respondents completed the survey: 1297 Insight Community Members and 99 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
EPA Energy Star Portfolio Manager Score
The EPA Energy Star Portfolio Manager score is a nationally-utilized online tool to measure and track energy and water consumption, as well as greenhouse gas emissions. These scores are for the Building Services Department's core facilities.    *City Hall is not rate-able per EPA guidelines  **Public Safety Training Campus and Rutherford Lane Campus scores reflect averages of their respective rate-able buildings
SCALE Sensor Data (Beta - For Demonstration Purposes Only)
This dataset shared the data collected by sensors deployed in Rockville using the Safe Community Awareness and Alerting (SCALE) Network devices developed by the County's Innovation Office. This dataset is currently in beta and should be used only for demonstration purposes at this time.
Property Tax Payments 2013
This dataset includes property taxes owed and paid in 2013. It does not include school taxes or delinquent taxes due
Demanda Pasajeros MEGABÚS S.A. 2017-2018
Pasajeros movilizados por el Sistema 2017 vs 2018 con la respectiva variación en porcentaje
FY 2020 Facility Level Dialysis Facility Reports
This dataset provides the End Stage Renal Disease Facility level data as presented on the Dialysis Facility Report for FY 2020
LISTADO DE RECTORES
Listado de los rectores que tienen las Instituciones Educativas del sector urbano y rural del Municipio de La Tebaida Quindio
Health_5510B_Children Insured_HCU1
% of children insured in San Mateo County
Historical Crime Stats Sept 16-23 2013, 2001, 1998, 1993, and 1990
Crime stats as compared to 12, 15, 20, and 23 years ago, Citywide
Contenidos RTVC Play
Temporadas, capítulos y programas de los contenidos de RTVC para radio y televisión publicados en RTVC Play
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD ATENDIDAS EN URGENCIAS E.S.E HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA 2017
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS MUESTRA EL PORCENTAJE DE LAS PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD ATENDIDAS EN URGENCIAS EN LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA DURANTE EL AÑO 2017
Surplus Crown Property: Disposal - Computer Equipment
This category covers surplus computer equipment. In 1994 the Executive Council approved a plan that would have government embark on a program that would see all surplus government computer equipment redistributed throughout the Public School System under The Computers for Schools Program.
Daily Nitrogen Dioxide Emissions Utah 2001
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Nitrogen Dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Pay Stay zones linked to street segments
This dataset contains each Pay Stay zone and the street segment that it is linked to. The Pay Stay zone can go across multiple street segments and also one street segment can have multiple Pay Stay zones.    This data can be linked to both the sign plate Pay Stay zone dataset.  https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Sign-plates-located-in-each-pay-stay-zone/wwkr-v8s7   and also the Pay Stay parking restrictions dataset  https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Pay-Stay-parking-restrictions/ambt-72qg  The datasets can be joined on Pay Stay zone.    To create a spatial dataset the street segment can be joined with the road corridor dataset on the street segment id.  https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Property-Planning/Road-corridors/9mdh-8yau    For further information on Pay Stay https://www.paystay.com.au/
Estadistica 2015 - Resumen Acuicultura
Estadistica 2015 - Resumen Acuicultura
Datos básicos Instituciones San Pablo
Datos de las instituciones educativas, (nombre, DANE, telefono de contacto, docente responsable, numero de contacto)
CorStat - Library Patronage & Assistance V2
Questions asked by library patrons and responded to by library staff. This assistance may be requested in person or remotely and from a variety of public desks. Data is provided by a monthly administration report created by the Library and Recreation Services management staff.<br>  <b><font color="blue">Update Frequency:</font></b> Monthly<br>  <b><font color="blue">Data Disclaimer:</font></b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Mexico, 2014 - Data
A part of the 2014 round of public opinion surveys implemented by LAPOP, the Mexico survey was carried out between January 24th and February 24th of 2014.  It is a follow-up of the national surveys of 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2012.  The 2014 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with the fieldwork being carried out by Data Opinion Publica y Mercados. The 2014 AmericasBarometer received generous support from many sources including USAID, UNDP, IADB,Vanderbilt U., Princeton U., Universite Laval, U. of Notre Dame, among others.
Bike Rack Use By Stop By Fiscal Week
Provides the number of bike rack uses by passengers broken down by stop and fiscal week from 9 May 2016 to 23 July 2017 (inclusive). Bike rack uses are recorded each time a bike is placed on a bike rack by pushing a button on the MyWay ticketing system on scheduled services.
HS Dataset ADRC Calls
Number of phone calls answered by Aging and Disability Resource Center (ADRC)
Adjustment Disorders
Basic Metadata Note: New condition starting in 2017. *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.  **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.  ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander. ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Open Checkbook BR
Dataset used to support the Open Checkbook BR web portal (http://checkbook.brla.gov).  This data set contains department level City-Parish spending.  Some expenditures are not included as they are not tied to a particular department.    In an effort to protect certain information telephone numbers and account numbers are masked with X's.  Also, the Check Number field only includes the last 4 digits of the check number.   To see all expenditures please visit the City-Parish Expenditures data set (https://data.brla.gov/Government/City-Parish-Expenditures/vwa8-ps2a)
hubNashville (311) Service Requests
Details of service requests to hubNashville, Metro Nashville government's comprehensive customer service system. Residents or visitors can connect with a Metro representative to request services, share feedback, or ask questions by calling 311 (615-862-5000 if out of county when making the call) or by visiting https://hub.nashville.gov.
Delinquent Property Taxes
******Disclaimer:  This data should not be relied upon for title examination or real estate closing requirements as deferral and tax relief programs may impact the amount due.  This data does not include nuisance abatement liens.  This dataset includes data on all real estate parcels in the city of Norfolk that are at least one quarter behind on taxes. Payments are processed as received requiring frequent updates to the data for accuracy.  City deferral and senior tax relief programs may impact r-portable data. The tax rate, penalty rate and interest rate are prescribed by city ordinance.
DIRECTORIO INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS PUBLICAS Y PRIVADAS DE GRANADA
listado de la institución principal y sedes educativas pública y sede privada que cuenta el municipio de granada
Registro activos información
Registro activos información
EPS 8 Crime Indicators
This dataset provides crime occurrence counts for EPS's 8 Crime Indicators.   An "occurrence" is a set of connected criminal events which constitute an occurrence report. The occurrence counts here are distinct from 'incidents' and 'victims' as reported by Statistics Canada.   The crime types used here are for EPS's 4 Property Crime and 4 Violent Crime Indicators only. Hence, not every type of property crime or violent crime incident is shown here (e.g,. kidnapping and theft under $5,000 are excluded here). This also excludes criminal code violations that fall under Other Criminal Code Violations, Federal Statute Violations, and Criminal Code Traffic Violations.   The criminal code that is used here is based on the most serious violation of the occurrence. For example, if a break & enter occurred that involved an aggravated assault, only the aggravated assault would be counted. This follows the standard for how Statistics Canada reports on crime throughout Canada.
Campaign Finance Reporting History
This dataset contains a list of all campaign finance reports (C3 and C4) for the last 10 years including attached schedules. It includes reports that have been superseded by an amendment.   The primary purpose of this dataset is for data consumers to track report amendments and to examine the reporting history for a filer. Refer to other datasets to get actual values for any of the reports referenced herewith.  For candidates, the number of years is determined by the year of the election, not necessarily the year the report was filed. For political committees, the number of years is determined by the calendar year of the reporting period.  This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.  Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.  CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication and or referenced documents constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
Public Life Data - Study
Provides details on the different studies that have been conducted, including project information.  ------------------------------------------  The City of Seattle Department of Transportation (SDOT) is providing data from the public life studies it has conducted since 2017. These studies consist of measuring the number of people using public space and the types of activities present on select sidewalks across the city, as well as several parks and plazas. The data set is continually updated as SDOT and other parties conduct public life studies using Gehl Institute’s Public Life Data Protocol.  This dataset consists of four component spreadsheets and a GeoJSON file, which provide public life data as well as information about the study design and study locations:  1 Public Life Study: provides details on the different studies that have been conducted, including project information.  2 Public Life Location: provides details on the sites selected for each study, including various attributes to allow for comparison across sites. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Locations/fg6z-cn3y  3 Public Life People Moving: provides data on people moving through space, including total number observed, gender breakdown, group size, and age groups. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-People-Moving/7rx6-5pgd  4 Public Life People Staying: provides data on people staying still in the space, including total number observed, demographic data, group size, postures, and activities. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-People-Staying/5mzj-4rtf  5 Public Life Geography: A GeoJSON file with polygons of every location studied. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Geography/v4q3-5hvp  Please download and refer to the Public Life metadata document - in the attachment section below - for comprehensive information about all of the Public Life datasets.
Principales causas de morbilidad atendidas en urgencias en el año 2018
El siguiente conjunto de datos presenta las principales causas de morbilidad atendidas en el servicio de urgencias en la E.S.E. Hospital Regional de Chiquinquirá en el año 2018
Oakland Certified Green Businesses
Alameda County Certified Green Businesses
Workers' Compensation Board Hearing Site Locations
The New York State Workers’ Compensation Board (WCB) has locations for hearings throughout the state.  This data set provides the address for those hearing sites, as well as the contact phone number and district website, where available.   This data set is a current list and is only updated as needed.
Instituciones Educativas de Santo Tomás
Informacion basica de las Instituciones Educativas del municipio de Santo Tomás
Asociación de Juntas de Acción Comunal - ASOJUNTAS
Listado de las asociaciones de las Juntas de Acción Comunal de los 4 municipio y los 2 corregimientos de San José del Guaviare
WISE NEA/COMET DISCOVERY STATISTICS
These tables show discovery statistics for NEAs and comets discovered by NASA's WISE mission - now renamed to NEOWISE. The first small table shows the number of NEAs, PHAs (a sub-group of NEAs), and comets discovered to-date (within a day or two). The second table shows each object discovered, sorted by designation, with selected parameters describing the object's orbit.    http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/stats/wise/
SF Development Pipeline 2017 Q1
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly.
Adoption & Child Custody Advocacy - Performance Measures Custody Investigations - 2010
The department is court ordered to complete a home investigation to determine which home is most suitable for permanency or increased visitation
Teen Births By ZIP Code 2013
This dataset includes annual counts and rates of live births to girls ages 10-19 who are residents of St. Louis County. Data is collected, maintained and published by the Missouri Department of Health & Senior Services (HSS). Information on each birth and the mothers is gathered from birth certificates. HSS only reports the number of live births along with other health, social and demographic variables through the Missouri Information for Community Assessment (MICA) system. Rates of live births is calculated using both MICA and U.S. Census population estimates. The population estimates are organized by ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTA). In very rare instances do the ZCTAs not consistently overlap with the postal ZIP Code areas.  Live Births Per 1,000 Teen Girls for a specified time period is calculated as: (# Live Births to Girls Ages 10-19/Total Population of Girls Ages 10-19) x 1,000.
QHP PY2018 Medi- SHOP- Land-10-23-2017
Plan Year 2018 SHOP Medical Lanscape
2016 Census - Population by Single Year of Age and Gender (Neighbourhood/Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Plan Operativo Anual de Inversiones 2019 Secretaria de vivienda y Habitat del valle del cauca
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre el Plan Operativo Anual de Inversiones 2019 Secretaria de vivienda y Habitat de la gobernación del valle del cauca
Aprende Jugando MinSalud Categorías
Aprende Jugando MinSalud Categorías
Acueductos rurales municipio de Puerres en Nariño
Acueductos rurales municipio de Puerres en Nariño
Local Law 44 - Other City Financial Assistance
The Other City Financial Assistance data table includes the amounts, names and types of other City Financial Assistance such as credit facility, Section 8 Project Based Voucher (PBV) Housing Assistance Payment (HAP), and discounted land value for each Local Law 44 Housing Development Project. This information is reported pursuant to Local Law 44 of 2012, and is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=HPD+Local+Law+44'>Housing Projects Receiving City Financial Assistance (Local Law 44) collection of data tables</a>.
Debt: Estimated Debt Service Requirements
Provides the debt service requirements for fiscal years 2018-2020.
Fallos judiciales en procesos contra la Policía Nacional de Colombia
Presentar la relación de fallos en procesos judiciales notificados a la Policía Nacional.
Maternal Perinatal Data Collection Mother and Baby Numbers
Maternal Perinatal Data Collection Mother and Baby Numbers for births in the ACT    The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
2018 Building Energy Benchmarking
Seattle’s Building Energy Benchmarking Program (SMC 22.920) requires owners of non-residential and multifamily buildings (20,000 square feet or larger) to track energy performance and annually report to the City of Seattle. Annual benchmarking, reporting and disclosing of building performance are foundational elements of creating more market value for energy efficiency.  Per Ordinance (125000), starting with 2015 energy use performance reporting, the City of Seattle will make the data for all building 20,000 SF and larger available annually. This dataset contains all 2018 buildings required to report.  If you have questions or comments on the data, email us at energybenchmarking@seattle.gov and include Open Data in the subject line.
Performance Metrics - Buildings - Time to Issue Easy Permits
The Easy Permit Process allows home and building owners to obtain a permit to repair or replace the same or existing elements of a building, without making any changes to the structure of the building. Eligible projects include repairing or replacing drywall, flooring, fences, sheds or garages. This metric tracks the average number of days DOB takes to process individual Easy Permits, grouped by the week the permit was processed. The target process time is within 1.3 days. For more information about the Easy Permitting process, go to http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/bldgs/provdrs/permit_proc.html.
Golfing - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the October 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=558&as=o7np0xc2YJ&t=1. Open from October 13 - 21, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3857 Insight Community Members. 1435 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 37%. A total of 1494 respondents completed the survey: 1435 Insight Community Members and 59 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Enrollment By Charter School Utah 1999-2015
Enrollment By Charter School Utah 1999-2015
FY 11_Q2 Education Recipients by State
<p>FY 11 Education Recipients by State (Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). State statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one state, therefore the total within this table may be different than the  total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.</p>
DOP Juvenile Intakes by Calendar Year
The number of youth received in probation intake (pre-adjudication services) during the reporting period.
Transportation Fuels Inventory: Beginning 2004
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  The Transportation Fuels Inventory dataset contains weekly stock amounts of  Central Atlantic diesel as well as gasoline from the Central Atlantic region (PADD 1B), East Coast (PADD 1) and the total U.S.  The dataset also contains fuel ethanol stocks for the East Coast and U.S. crude oil stocks. Additionally, East Coast jet fuel stocks are included. The data is collected on a weekly basis and measured in terms of thousands of barrels beginning in April 2004.
Child Support Caseload
Child Support Cases. For Child Support Collections dataset, please follow this URL: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/d/8fhd-nzw8
Daily Discharge Cubic Feet Jordan River 2000-2009
This data set contains daily discharge for the Jordan river from 2000 - 2009.  Discharge is measured in daily discharge CUBIC FEET PER SECOND.
Daily C02 Emissions Utah 2009
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Carbon monoxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Inpatient Psychiatric Facility Quality Measure Data By Utah Facility
The Inpatient Psychiatric Facility Quality Reporting (IPFQR) program currently uses six measures for Utah psychiatric facilities. Psychiatric facilities that are eligible for this program may have their Medicare payments reduced if they do not report.
Poverty Rate for People of Color Data
Poverty rates for residents of Color include the combined numbers of people self-identified as Black/African American, American Indian Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian Pacific Islander, Hispanic (non-White) or Asian.
COVID-19 Cases and Deaths by Race/Ethnicity
COVID-19 cases and associated deaths that have been reported among Connecticut residents, broken down by race and ethnicity. All data in this report are preliminary; data for previous dates will be updated as new reports are received and data errors are corrected. Deaths reported to the either the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner (OCME) or Department of Public Health (DPH) are included in the COVID-19 update.  The following data show the number of COVID-19 cases and associated deaths per 100,000 population by race and ethnicity. Crude rates represent the total cases or deaths per 100,000 people. Age-adjusted rates consider the age of the person at diagnosis or death when estimating the rate and use a standardized population to provide a fair comparison between population groups with different age distributions. Age-adjustment is important in Connecticut as the median age of among the non-Hispanic white population is 47 years, whereas it is 34 years among non-Hispanic blacks, and 29 years among Hispanics. Because most non-Hispanic white residents who died were over 75 years of age, the age-adjusted rates are lower than the unadjusted rates. In contrast, Hispanic residents who died tend to be younger than 75 years of age which results in higher age-adjusted rates.  The age-adjusted rates are directly standardized using the 2018 ASRH Connecticut population estimate denominators (available here: https://portal.ct.gov/DPH/Health-Information-Systems--Reporting/Population/Annual-State--County-Population-with-Demographics).    Rates are standardized to the 2000 US Millions Standard population (data available here: https://seer.cancer.gov/stdpopulations/). Standardization was done using 19 age groups (0, 1-4, 5-9, 10-14, ..., 80-84, 85 years and older). More information about direct standardization for age adjustment is available here: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/statnt/statnt06rv.pdf    Categories are mutually exclusive. The category “multiracial” includes people who answered ‘yes’ to more than one race category. Counts may not add up to total case counts as data on race and ethnicity may be missing. Age adjusted rates calculated only for groups with more than 20 deaths. Abbreviation: NH=Non-Hispanic.  This dataset will be updated on a daily basis. Data are subject to future revision as reporting changes.  Starting in July 2020, this dataset will be updated every weekday.   Additional notes: A delay in the data pull schedule occurred on 06/23/2020. Data from 06/22/2020 was processed on 06/23/2020 at 3:30 PM. The normal data cycle resumed with the data for 06/23/2020.  A network outage on 05/19/2020 resulted in a change in the data pull schedule. Data from 5/19/2020 was processed on 05/20/2020 at 12:00 PM. Data from 5/20/2020 was processed on 5/20/2020 8:30 PM. The normal data cycle resumed on 05/20/2020 with the 8:30 PM data pull. As a result of the network outage, the timestamp on the datasets on the Open Data Portal differ from the timestamp in DPH's daily PDF reports.
2016 Census - Population by Length of Residence (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Saravena Arauca Presidentes Juntas Acción Comunal Urbano Y Rural 2016 - 2020
Reporte de Datos de todos los Presidentes Juntas Acción Comunal Urbano Y Rural para el periodo 2016 - 2020
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Swiney: Effects of holding space on juvenile red king crab growth and survival
Rearing crustaceans communally for aquaculture, stock enhancement or research often results in high rates of cannibalism and low yields. One potential strategy to reduce loss from cannibalism is to rear crustaceans in individual cells. As small holding cell size can result in decreased growth or increased mortality, it is essential to identify the optimal holding cell size, both for mass culturing efforts and for experimental design purposes. In this study, we reared juvenile red king crab, Paralithodes camtschaticus, (3.67 to 8.30 mm carapace length) in 20, 40, and 77 mm diameter holding cells and monitored growth and survival over a 274-day experiment.
2015 Shared Savings Program (SSP) Accountable Care Organizations (ACO) PUF
2015 SSP ACO PUF - To address the increasing number of requests for SSP ACO data, the Centers for Medicare (CM) has created a standard analytical file that CMS can use to efficiently satisfy these requests. It is the intent of CM to publish the ACO-level public-use file (PUF) that contains ACO-specific metrics as well as summarized beneficiary and provider information for each performance year of the SSP program.
Capital Planing and Policy - Facility Locations List
A list of Cook County facilites by address, main phone number, and 10-digit PIN. Data last updated August 30, 2011.
Employee wages by occupation, annual, 2014-2019, N.B. / Salaires des employés par profession, annuel, 2014-2019, N.-B.
"This table presents the wage gap between women in men in the same occupations within the province of New Brunswick for the years of 2014 to 2018. In Canada in 2018, the Gaps in hourly wages ranged from 8.5% in New Brunswick to 17.6% in British Columbia. The gender gap in hourly wages for Prince Edward Island was -0.1%.  Provincial Hourly Wage Gaps (This will be a link) (https://www2.gnb.ca/content/dam/gnb/Departments/eco-bce/WEB-EDF/PSI/PDF-E/Provincial-Hourly-Wage-Gap-E.pdf)" / Ce tableau présente l'écart salarial entre les femmes et les hommes dans les mêmes professions au Nouveau-Brunswick pour les années 2014 à 2018. Au Canada, en 2018, les écarts dans les salaires horaires variaient de 8,5 % au Nouveau-Brunswick à 17,6 % en Colombie-Britannique. L'écart entre les sexes dans les salaires horaires à l'Île-du-Prince-Édouard était de -0,1 %.
Activos de Información
Activos de información de la Alcaldía de Granada Meta
Broadband Speed Test
Broadband Speed Test
Number Of Datasets Published to the Open Data Portal
The total count of datasets in the open data portal
Public Life Data - People Moving
Provides data on people moving through space, including total number observed, gender breakdown, group size, and age groups.  ------------------------------------------  The City of Seattle Department of Transportation (SDOT) is providing data from the public life studies it has conducted since 2017. These studies consist of measuring the number of people using public space and the types of activities present on select sidewalks across the city, as well as several parks and plazas. The data set is continually updated as SDOT and other parties conduct public life studies using Gehl Institute’s Public Life Data Protocol.  This dataset consists of four component spreadsheets and a GeoJSON file, which provide public life data as well as information about the study design and study locations:  1 Public Life Study: provides details on the different studies that have been conducted, including project information. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Study/7qru-sdcp  2 Public Life Location: provides details on the sites selected for each study, including various attributes to allow for comparison across sites. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Locations/fg6z-cn3y  3 Public Life People Moving: provides data on people moving through space, including total number observed, gender breakdown, group size, and age groups.  4 Public Life People Staying: provides data on people staying still in the space, including total number observed, demographic data, group size, postures, and activities. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-People-Staying/5mzj-4rtf  5 Public Life Geography: A GeoJSON file with polygons of every location studied. https://data.seattle.gov/Transportation/Public-Life-Data-Geography/v4q3-5hvp  Please download and refer to the Public Life metadata document - in the attachment section below - for comprehensive information about all of the Public Life datasets.
Nova Scotia Sportfish Angler Records
Formerly known as the Nova Scotia Sportfish Registry, this dataset is a list of the current record holders for several popular Nova Scotia sportfish. There are both youth and adult, catch and release and catch and keep and smallmouth bass tournament categories.
Informe de actividades del Cuerpo de Bomberos Oficial de Sincelejo 2018
Informe de actividades ejecutadas por el Cuerpo de Bomberos Oficial de Sincelejo 2018
7330P_Vocational Rehab Services
Performance measures dataset
ESTABLECIMIENTOS EDUCATIVOS PÚBLICOS DE NORTE DE SANTANDER VINCULADOS AL PROGRAMA DE DISPOSICIÓN FINAL DE RESIDUOS TECNOLÓGICOS -RAEE 2018 -
La retoma RAEE es una actividad realizada por la Gobernación del Departamento en cumplimiento de la Ley 1672 del 2013 expedida por el Ministerio del Medio Ambiente y el Decreto 284 de 2018, relacionado con la planeación tecnológica de los residuos tecnológicos que atentan contra el medio ambiente y la preservación de nuestro planeta en establecimientos educativos y entidades publicas y privadas.
Nomenclatura del Distrito de Barranquilla
Nomenclatura del Distrito de Barranquilla
Feed the Future Malawi Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-File 1
This dataset is the first of two datasets needed to calculate the Women’s Empowerment in Agriculture Index (WEAI).  It is part of the 2015 Feed the Future Malawi Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence. The survey was designed to monitor program performance by periodic assessments of a number of standardized indicators.  A total of 1,021 households were interviewed, which provided data for the target sample size of 1,007 households and ensured the sample is representative of the seven districts covered in the interim assessment.  This dataset contains Module G data from the primary adult (18+) female decision maker within each household (for the sub-sample of households with a primary adult female decision maker). The unique identifiers for this file are pbs_id + idcode.
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales in Manhattan for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes - 2008
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of neighborhood sales for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes in Manhattan in 2008.    This list includes all sales of 1-, 2-, and 3-Family Homes' from January 1st, 2008 to December 31, 2008, whose sale price is equal to or more than $150,000.  The Building Class Category for Sales is based on the Building Class at the time of the sale.  Update Frequency: Annually
Professional and Occupational Licenses in Colorado
Professional and occupational license types in Colorado from the Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA).
Sucesiones En Colombia
Aquella parte del derecho privado que regula la sucesión mortis causa y determina el destino de las titularidades y relaciones jurídicas tanto activas como pasivas de una persona después de su muerte.
[ARCHIVED] Census Family Structure
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports family structures. This data is sourced from the Census of Population.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Metro Government Employee Earnings
Details of earnings paid to employees on the Metro general government payroll per fiscal year, broken down by type of pay.
IDOT Stop Sheets
Stop Sheet results from the City of Urbana, since the Stop Sheet collection began in 2016.
US Census 2010 Poverty Statistics
US Census 2010 Poverty Statistics Alameda County by Census Tract
FY13 Garbage Raw Data
FY13 Garbage Raw Data
FEMA Disaster Declarations Indian Reservations Utah 2005-2014
This data set includes the FEMA disaster tribal declarations found on fema.gov/data-visualization and was created using the publicly available disaster declarations summary dataset published by OpenFEMA, FEMA's open government program. The original Disaster Declarations dataset OpenFEMA publishes can be downloaded here http://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/28318.
FY11_EOM_Oct_Face Amount of Life Insurance Coverage by Program by State
<p>Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 10-31-11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially-adapted housing.</p>
Income and Benefits by City, 2016
Income and Benefits by City, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP03.
Información de institución Educativa Tecnica Lisandro Cely del Municipio de Mongua, Boyacá, año 2013
Datos estadisiticos de estudiantes matriculados según el genero y grado en cada una de las sedes educativas de la Institucion Lisandro Cely del municipio de Mongua en el año 2013.
NUMERO DE NACIMIENTOS SEGÚN EL RÉGIMEN DE AFILIACIÓN DE LA MADRE
Numero de nacimientos según el régimen de afiliación a la madre.
CONDICIÓN DE DISCAPACIDAD DESCENTRALIZADOS ADULTO MAYOR ALCALDIA DE CHIA 2019
ESTADÍSTICA DISCAPACIDAD ADULTO MAYOR DESCENTRALIZADOS
Gasoline Stations with Generator Hookups (June, 2015)
This is dataset is a listing of gasoline stations in Connecticut with backup generator power supple. This list is based on a survey done by the Department of Consumer Protection, therefore it may not be an exhaustive list of all stations with backup generators.
Percentage of homeless participants referred for housing that will receive housing services
HLTWP Measure K Performance
2016 Do IT Revenues Direct Billed To Departments
2016 Department budget amounts for direct billed IT services (e.g. laptops, phones, etc.) for the IT service dashboards
Auburn Capital Project List
Capital projects
Lottery Quick Draw Winning Numbers: Beginning 2013
Go to http://on.ny.gov/1BbsWqI on the New York Lottery website for past Quick Draw results and payouts.
Estado de cultivos Semestrales 2016-2018
Estado de cultivos Semestrales 2016-2018
Hospital Service Area File - 2014
This file is derived from the calendar year inpatient claims data. This file contains summarized information by provider number and ZIP code of the Medicare beneficiary.  This file includes:  -number of discharges, -length of stay, and -total charges.
Percentage of community water systems meeting microbiological standards, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Definition:  Percentage of community water systems in compliance with all current state and federal microbiolgical standards to protect drinking water quality.      Data Sources:  Bureau of Safe Drinking Water, New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
Recurring Resident Economic Empowerment and Sustainability Programs
Regulary occuring REES programs
Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Government Buildings and Other Facilities
from the 2010 Government Operations Greenhouse Gas Emissions Inventory
HOV and Restricted Driving Lanes in Colorado
High Occupancy Vehicle and restricted driving lanes in the state of Colorado from the Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT).
Evaluación de Tierras con fines Agrícolas para el cultivo de Maíz (Zea mays L.), en el departamento de Nariño.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Nariño a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 222 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Universidad de Nariño. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de maíz.  Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de maíz.
Concejales de Vista Hermosa 2020 - 2023
Concejales elegidos para el periodo 2020 - 2023
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form School Attendance 1991-2001
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports school attendance by sex. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Office for the Aging Service Expenditures: Beginning Fiscal Year 2009
Dataset showing expenditures by county, by service for the following State Fiscal Years beginning 2009/10
Northeast Economic Add-On I8 Data 1999
Revealed preference models provide insights into recreational angler behavior and the economic value of recreational fishing trips. This data is for the Northeast and is collected as needed, at irregular intervals. Typically collected as an economic add-on to the MRIP intercept survey and follow up phone or mail survey.  Intercept data collected from anglers at fishing sites as an economic add-on to the Marine Recreational Fisheries Statistical Survey (MRFSS) for the Northeast.
Registro Activos de Información
El documento contiene el Registro de Activos de Información de la ESE Hospital Mario Gaitan Yanguas de Soacha.
ENTIDADES PRESTADORAS DE SALUD DEL MUNICIPIO DE MOSQUERA CUNDINAMARCA
Información de las entidades o personas independientes que prestan algún tipo de servicio de salud en el municipio de Mosquera Cundinamarca
Housing Production Meeting Identified Goals
Production of housing units at low-income, low-, moderate-, and above-moderate income levels in Marin County.  These are units produced against goals set for the Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) 2015-2023 cycle. Numbers are shown annually beginning in year 2015.
Settlement Service Provider Directory
A directory and map of settlement service providers in Nova Scotia. Provides contact information for the organizations (Mailing and physical addresses, phone numbers) as well as a list of the types of services available through each service provider (Assessment and Orientation, Language, Employment and Business, Youth and Young Adult, Recreation and Socialization, Francophone, Distance/Multiple Locations, and Other).
Nightrider Patronage - 2014
Patronage figures for the four weeks of the 2014 Nightrider service.
Strategic Measure_High Frequency Transit Route Street Condition Data Aggregated
This table contains aggregated street condition data for street segments that host Cap Metro high frequency transit routes in FY2019 for each fiscal year beginning in FY2018.   A contract vendor surveys street conditions for one-third to one-half of the City of Austin each year. The reported value each year represents the aggregate reported conditions for the three most recent years as of the year reported.  Detailed condition data for the most recent fiscal year can be found in the dataset Strategic Measure_High Frequency Transit Route Street Conditions.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Street-Conditions-High-Frequency-Transit-Routes/kqvg-gud8/
Boil Water Advisories
This dataset includes the following information for public registered and municipal drinking water supplies:  Site Name, County, Date Boil Advisory Issued, Date Boil Advisory Removed, Facility Type (Registered or Municipal), Length of Advisory in Days, Reason for the Report. This dataset includes boil water advisories from 2006 - current.
2016 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Tool And Die Without Reporting Requirements
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/2016-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report-Final/gdux-qms2/data?firstRun=true
Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility - General Information
This dataset shows characteristics of the inpatient rehabilitation facilities that are shown on Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility Compare.
Annual Report on Domestic Violence Initiatives, Indicators and Factors
The dataset contains the following information on ENDGBV program activities and initiatives are required by Local Law 38 of 2019: (1) the number of contracted legal service providers providing services in the family justice centers, disaggregated by the primary area of legal practice and languages spoken by the contracted legal service providers, for each family justice center and in total for all family justice centers; (2) The number of contracted service providers providing non-legal services in the family justice centers, disaggregated by type of service, for each family justice center and in total for all family justice centers; (3) The number of family justice center clients, disaggregated by: (i) the total number of client visits, (ii) the total number of unique clients, and (iii) the number of clients accessing each service type, for each family justice center and in total for all family justice centers; (4) A list of all family justice center programs and services offered which pertain to economic empowerment, such as but not limited to those that promote short- and long-term financial planning or navigation of public benefits, disaggregated by type of program or service, for each family justice center and in total for all family justice centers; (5) The total number of outreach events conducted by the office, disaggregated by type of event;  (6) The total number of prevention education workshops conducted by the office for youth, staff administering or operating youth programming, or caregivers for youth and (7) The total number of trainings conducted by the office for: (i) city agency staff, (ii) non-profit staff, and (iii) community members and (8) a list of any new data or research reports published ENDGBV.
Civic census 2016 - Modes of Travel to Work
Trends in Calgarians’ choices for travelling to work, and to determine if major infrastructure changes have resulted in a change in behaviour.
Civic census 2011 - Modes of Travel to Work
Trends in Calgarians’ choices for travelling to work, and to determine if major infrastructure changes have resulted in a change in behaviour.
Distribución porcentual de Colegios de jornada mañana, tarde o completa, según Naturaleza, Enfoque y Jornada. 2001-2011
Contiene la estadística de la  Distribución porcentual de Colegios de jornada mañana, tarde o completa, según Naturaleza, Enfoque y Jornada. 2001-2011.
Human Rights Calendar
Montgomery County Human Rights Calendar of Events.  Update Frequency : Quarterly
Cicloruta Coordenadas Municipio de Chia 2017
Información estadística Cicloruta Coordenadas Municipio de Chia 2017
Daily PM25 Pollution Emissions Utah 2009
Available State-wide annual daily inventories of air pollutant emissions (PM25) are summarized in this data set. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Indice eficiencia interna 2018 - Basica Primaria
Este conjunto de datos representa la APROBACIÓN, REPROBACIÓN y DESERCIÓN de las instituciones publica respecto a basica primaria en el 2019.
Listado de Instituciones Educativas No Oficiales del Departamento del Atlántico 2019
Listado de las Instituciones Educativas No Oficiales del Departamento del Atlántico 2019 por Municipio.
Live Hauling of Fish Unionized Ammonia
InPort Dataset ID: 18001 InPort Entity ID: 36981 Un-ionized ammonia based on TAN, temperature, salinity, and pH.
Primary Voting Statistics 2018 Data
This dataset shows polling place and absentee statistics by precinct.
ORGANIZACIONES AFRODESCENDIENTES DEL CAQUETA
Contiene de los datos de las organizaciones de Affrosdecendientes en el Departamento del Caquetá.
Council Member Tovo Resolutions
This is a list of City Council Resolutions sponsored by Council Member Kathie Tovo in 2011, 2012 and 2013.
T6 Bike Facilities
Bike valet, bike pathways and bike mode share of employees of large employwers.
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS  DE CAPITANEJO
información de las instituciones educativas del municipio de Capitanejo
Índice de Desempeño Gobierno Digital de la 10 entidades
Contiene la información del ranking de las 10 mejores entidades en el Índice de Desempeño Gobierno Digital.
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
EDA - Jobs created/retained - 6 year totals
The formula-driven calculation projects investment data at 3, 6, and 9 year intervals from the investment award. The formula is based on a study done by Rutgers University, which compiled and analyzed the performance of EDA construction investments after 9 years. This approach was reviewed and validated by third-party analysis conducted by Grant Thornton in 2008. Based on this formula and a review of EDA's historical results, EDA estimates that 40% of the 9-year projection would be realized after 3 years, 75% after 6 years, and 100% after 9 years.
Base De Datos Del Honorable Concejo Municipal
concejo@roncesvalles-tolima.gov.co   Presidente de la Corporación: NORBEY RAMÍREZ  Vicepresidenta: Albeiro Bermúdez  2da vicepresidenta: Dignory Avilez
Current Licensed Real Estate Appraisal Management Companies
This data set lists Real Estate Appraisal Management Companies licensed pursuant to Executive Law Article 6-H.
Local Law 19 of 1999 Report - Quarterly Unsheltered Street Homeless Individuals
Individuals and families placed in HRA housing systems in pursuant to local law 19.    For Local Law 19 of 1999 Report - Monthly Placements, follow this <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Social-Services/Local-Law-19-of-1999-Report-Monthly-Placements/5284-7vfz">link</a>.
Household income including mean and median
Data on Household income including mean and median.   Excerpted from American Community Survey, US Census  Bureau, DP03: SELECTED ECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS, using 1 year estimates
Assessor's Office Secured Tax Roll - 2015/2016
Assessor's Office Secured Roll for 2015/2016. Secured Roll file with ownership names redacted: Assessed property values for the Alameda County residential and commercial properties as of July 1, 2015.
2012 Census - Population By Structure Type (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
TARIFAS
FEBRERO 2020
Guatemala Food Consumption Data: Section 2
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the second spreadsheet of sixin the Guatemala Food Consumption Data.
2017 - 2018  Current Year Monthly Attendance
Monthly counts of roster students  present, absent and released by Grade Level within School DBN.
Registro De Activos De Información
Inventario y clasificación de los recursos con que cuenta la Agencia para la Reincorporación y la Normalización
Tenant Meetings
FM meets with building tenants at least twice yearly to understand changing needs address issues.
DHCA RENT Counts And Rent Detail
DHCA RENT Counts And Rent Detail
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Agencia ITRC
Este conjunto de datos contiene el índice de información clasificada y reservada de la Agencia del Inspector de Tributos Rentas y Contribuciones Parafiscales - ITRC.
Utah Irrigation By Farm Counties In Utah 2007 2012
This data set contains irrigated farms and acreage by counties in Utah for 2012 and 2007.  Data comes from the USDA Census of Agriculture.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS119
Driver Feedback Sign DFS119    Latitude: 53.62285  Longitude: -113.39913    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Student Dropout
This file contains the number of students reported as part of the official dropout statistics within a given school year. The file contains the number of dropouts, the students enrolled and the corresponding dropout rate.
Friendship Line
AASFL Measure K Performance
DENUNCIAS 3-2016
3° Seguimiento de 2016 al tramite de denuncias por parte de la Contraloría General del Cauca
Registros de Activos de Información
El Registro de Activos de Información es un inventario organizado de la información que se encuentra en posesión, custodia o bajo control de la entidad, independientemente del formato físico o electrónico. Es útil para identificar la información que posee la entidad y en dónde puede ser consultada, ayuda a preservar la memoria institucional y por tanto facilita la continuidad en los procesos administrativos y de gestión.
Rate of Hospitalization due to Asthma among Children under 5 years old (per 100,000), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of hospitalizations per 100,000 children under 5 years old.      Definition: Rate of hospitalizations due to asthma (primary diagnosis of asthma, defined by ICD-9 code 493 for January 2000 through September 2015; and ICD-10 codes J44 and J45 for the last quarter of 2015).     Source: New Jersey Uniform Billing Patient Summary Data (Hospital Discharges), Office of Health Care Quality and Assessment, New Jersey Department of Health
Libraries - 2019 Holds Placed by Location
Patrons may place holds on desired materials either online or by contacting any CPL location. Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic closures to perform facilities upgrade or emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence Branch closed due to a fire in 2015. Whitney Young has been closed since November 2017 for major renovations. Woodson Regional Library reopened after a major renovation in February 2018.
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2009 Q4
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2009 Q4
2020 Discrimination Complaints Filed by Month and Type
A discrimination complaint is filed when a formal charge is received at the Seattle Office for Civil Rights. This dataset shows the number of complaints filed by month and type in 2020.
Test_Regions
Des
Michigan Vehicle Production
Motor vehicles produced in Michigan, both annually and by month.
Tramites del Municipio
Este conjunto de datos contiene el nombre, la descripción y enlace al portal no + filas de los Tramites que presta el Municipio de Marinilla, aquí puede encontrar los pasos y requisitos que debe tener en cuenta para acceder a cada tramite.
PLN_OOPC [test]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_OOPC [test], released on 2020-10-22.
Datos Abiertos Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Aeronáutica Civil
Contiene el listado de la información clasificada y reservada que maneja la Aeronáutica Civil.
Sheriff Departments Ancillary Pay
Sheriff Departments Ancillary Pay
8500 D Cap Proj
Annual Capital Project Expenditures
Workforce Demographics Report  - Dataset
This dataset is provided by the department of Human Resources (HR) which details each City of Saint Paul department's or office's total workforce by race, gender, disability within E.E.O job groups.
RHNA Draft Methodology Factors (2019)
Baseline: Future Year 2050 Households (Draft Blueprint)  Jurisdiction share of total Bay Area housing by 2050 per Plan Bay Area 2050 Draft Blueprint
MCIRT Monthly Data
Mobile Community Intervention Response Team monthly updates
HABITANTES POR TERRITORIO SAN ROQUE ANTIOQUIA
HABITA 2016NTES POR TERRITORIO SAN ROQUE ANTIOQUIA
REINTEGROS1 2015
Reintegros del 1 semestre del 2015
Iowa Unemployment Insurance Claimants by Age (Monthly)
Characteristics of the Insured Unemployed.  This dataset provides information on the age composition of unemployment insurance claimants. The data are based on those who file a continued claim in the week containing the 19th of the month, which reflects unemployment during the week containing the 12th. This corresponds with the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Current Population Survey.  (Source: ETA-203)
Consolidated Property Tax Rates in Iowa by Tax District And Fiscal Year
The dataset provides consolidated property tax rates for each urban and rural taxing district in Iowa by fiscal year, starting with FY 2002. Property tax rates are the dollars collected per $1,000 in a property's taxable value. The consolidated rate represents the combined rate for all levy authorities (e.g. counties, cities, school districts, townships, etc.) represented in a tax district.
Integrated Pest Management Policy - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among several from the September 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5zLg5aUuUgZ6tfSCdB45KK?t=1  Open from September 11 - 18, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 9,497 Insight Community Members. 2,420 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 26%. A total of 2,431 respondents completed the survey: 2,420 Insight Community Members and 2 from the call to action button on our webpage and 9 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
2019 Census - Dwelling Unit Status (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2019. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.  Census data has been collected and made available within the guidelines outlined in Policy C520C.  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/documents/PoliciesDirectives/C520C.pdf
LA County Threatened and Endangered Species (2018)
Species were identified that currently occur in LA County and are listed as endangered, threatened based on the Endangered Species Act. The list for all species came from searching the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) 5-year plans by county (Los Angeles), which directs you to a table of the currently listed species.  Species counts were determined from 2018 data on iNaturalist. Current statuses were confirmed using online databases of species records, including eBird and iNaturalist for vertebrates, the Consortium of California Herbaria for plants, and UCLA experts.
Check Register
Checks written to pay for products and services received by the City.
Overtime Hours Worked
This dataset contains the average amount of overtime worked per full-time, non-seasonal employee for every executive branch department. This does not include compensatory time earned.
Medicare Volume By State By Procedure & Diagnosis
The number of Medicare patients treated for each medical condition or surgical procedure by state.
Maryland Historical and Projected Population Age 16+ 1970 to 2045
Historical and Projected Population 16+ in Maryland and its Jurisdictions 1970-2045, Prepared by the Maryland Department of Planning, October 2018.
Contracts: ESD: Willamette: Fiscal Year 2014
Contracts for Willamette ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
Bike Facilities
This dataset is a cumulative total by year of total bike facilities and bike facilities broken out by type.
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Long: Effects of ocean acidification on respiration, feeding, and growth of juvenile red and blue king crabs (Paralithodes camtschaticus and P. platypus)
Juvenile red and blue king crabs (Paralithodes camtschaticus and P. platypus) were exposed to three pH levels: ambient (pH 8.1), pH 7.8, and pH 7.5 for three weeks. Oxygen consumption and feeding ration were determined immediately after exposure to treatment water and after three weeks exposure. Growth can be calculated from the wet mass observations.
Township Revenues, Expenditures & Cash Balances Budgeted by Fund By Year
This dataset contains budgeted cash balances, revenues and expenditures by fiscal year for each township in the State of Iowa.
Parks Amenity Equipment
Park amenities maintained by Calgary Parks or located on lands under Calgary Park’s stewardship.
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Children's Minimum Acceptable Diet
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
Autism Spectrum Disorders
Basic Metadata Note: Condition is a new addition to 2017.  *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.  **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.  ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander. ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Daily PM2.5 Concentrations All County, 2001-2016
This dataset provides modeled predictions of PM2.5 levels from the EPA's Downscaler model. Data are at the county level for 2001-2016. These data are used by the CDC's National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network to generate air quality measures. Census tract-level datasets contain estimates of the mean predicted concentration and associated standard error. Please refer to the metadata attachment for more information.  Learn more about outdoor air quality on the Tracking Network's website: https://ephtracking.cdc.gov/showAirLanding.action.  By using these data, you signify your agreement to comply with the following requirements: 1. Use the data for statistical reporting and analysis only. 2. Do not attempt to learn the identity of any person included in the data and do not combine these data with other data for the purpose of matching records to identify individuals. 3. Do not disclose of or make use of the identity of any person or establishment discovered inadvertently and report the discovery to: trackingsupport@cdc.gov. 4. Do not imply or state, either in written or oral form, that interpretations based on the data are those of the original data sources and CDC unless the data user and data source are formally collaborating. 5. Acknowledge, in all reports or presentations based on these data, the original source of the data and CDC. 6. Suggested citation: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network. Web. Accessed: insert date. www.cdc.gov/ephtracking.
JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE CANDELARIA (GOBERNACIÓN DEL ATLANTICO)
Listado de las Juntas de Acción Comunal Municipio de Candelaria, Departamento del Atlántico.
FY2014 Students with Disabilities - Least Restrictive Environment (LRE)
Percent of Instructional Time Inside a General Education Class for the 2013-2014 school year. To comply with federal regulations, any percentage rate greater than or equal to 95% or less than or equal to 3% will be noted as 95% and 3%, respectively.
DFPS Employees 1.1 Staff Demographics on August 31 by Selected Programs  FY2010-2019
The county and region of the workers are determined by the office to which they are assigned.  Adult Protective Services (APS): APS Investigations employees protect people age 65 and older and adults with disabilities from abuse, neglect, and financial exploitation by investigating and providing or arranging for services necessary to alleviate or prevent further maltreatment.   Child Protective Investigations (CPI/CCI): Child Care Investigations (CCI), which is a part of CPI and include Day Care Investigations (DCI) and Residential Child Care Investigations (RCCI) are only available from 2018 onward.  This is due to the split of those job functions from Child Care Licensing, which was a part of DFPS until 2017, when it was transferred to the Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC).  Statewide Intake (SWI): Statewide Intake (SWI) serves as the “front door to the front line” for all DFPS programs. As the central point of contact for reports of abuse, neglect and exploitation of vulnerable Texans. SWI staff are available 24 hours a day, 7 days per week, 365 days per year.  Prior to FY2018, all SWI staff were located in the Austin area.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs
FIN Page Views in Open Pierce County
Provides number of page views in Open Pierce County per analytics report provided by Tyler Technology's Socrata system.
DSNY Sections
Shape file of DSNY District Sections
Registro de activos de información Municipio de Envigado
Registro activos de información Municipio de Envigado
Internet Service Providers (ISPs) Offering Residential Broadband in New York City - Dec 2016
List of Internet Service Providers (ISPs) offering residential broadband service in New York City as of Dec. 2016, according to data made publicly available by the Federal Communications Commission.
2010 Election Results
Election results for the 2010 Strathcona County municipal elections.  Results include all positions and all voting stations.
City of Santa Monica Maximum Allowable Rent
Maximum Allowable Rent values are based on rents reported by current or past property owners that have not been independently verified. Thus, we provide this information as a convenience only; it is not legally binding on landlords, tenants, or the Rent Control Agency.    The Maximum Allowable Rent values listed presume the owner is in compliance with the Rent Control Charter Amendment (Article XVIII of the City Charter) and the Rent Control Regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition to these Maximum Allowable Rent values, a tenant's rent can include applicable Rent Control registration fees or surcharges (Community College Bond, Unified Schools Bond, Stormwater Management User Fee, Clean Beaches & Ocean Parcel Tax, and School District Parcel Tax).
SFEC Form 3610b - City Officer Behested Payment - Filings
San Francisco Campaign and Governmental Conduct Code section 3.610 requires City elective officers and members of certain boards and commissions to file behested payment reports (Form SFEC-3610(b)) with the Ethics Commission.  Effective September 24, 2020, Mayoral Executive Directive 20-02 requires Department Heads to file behested payment Form SFEC-3610(b) and to comply with the City’s behested payment requirements that apply to City elected officials and members of boards and commissions that are contained in Article III, Chapter 6 of the Campaign and Governmental Conduct Code.   An officer must file Form SFEC-3610(b) any time a behested payment of $1,000 or more is made at his or her behest by an interested party. An “interested party” is a person who is a party, participant or agent of a party or participant to certain types of proceedings before the official in question. Those proceedings are limited to administrative enforcement proceedings and proceedings regarding permits, licenses, or other entitlements for use. A party to such a proceeding is someone who files an application for a license, permit, or entitlement for use or is the subject of the administrative enforcement. A participant in such a proceeding is someone who is not a party to the proceeding but who actively supports or opposes a particular decision in the proceeding and has a financial interest in the decision. An agent is someone who represents a party or a participant in such a proceeding.  The filing deadline for Form SFEC-3610(b) depends on the circumstances under which the behested payment was made.  If the behested payment was made while the proceeding involving the interested party is pending before the official, then the form must be filed within thirty days of the payment being made. If there is a series of behested payments, the form is due within 30 days of the payment that makes the total $1,000 or more.  If the behested payment was made within six months following the date on which a final decision was made in the proceeding involving the interested party, then the form must be filed within thirty days of the payment. If there is a series of behested payments, the form is due within 30 days of the payment that makes the total $1,000 or more.  Finally, if the behested payment was made in the 12 months prior to the commencement of the proceeding involving the interested party, the form is due within 30 days of the date the official knew or should have known that the source of the behested payment became an interested party.  Each row on this table represents the contents of a Form SFEC-3610(b) filed with the Ethics Commission. There is one sub-tables of information on Form SFEC-3610(b): Payors. The sub-table is available in a separate dataset: "SFEC Form-3610(b) - City Officers Behested Payment - Payors" at https://data.sfgov.org/City-Management-and-Ethics/SFEC-Form-3610b-City-Officers-Behested-Payment-Pay/m9gk-e9r5. Join this dataset with the sub-table using the DocuSignID.
NNDSS - Table II. Hepatitis (viral, acute)
NNDSS - Table II. Hepatitis (viral, acute) - 2016. In this Table, provisional* cases of selected† notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed.  The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.  Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:  C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.  NP:  Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting year 2016 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.    † Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.
Bus Stops
Tabular data of ACTION bus stops within the ACT, with addition to Suburbs, as of July 2017. <b>Please Note: the data presented in this dataset will no longer be current, it has been provided as a historical dataset only </b>
Travel Delays In Congested Highway Segments
Congestion measurements are defined by travel-time delay, which is the difference between the travel time on highways at the free flow speed and the time spent in current traffic. In 2012, the average travel-time delay on all congested corridors was 17.2 minutes per traveler, per day. A highway is considered congested when the peak traffic volume is 85 percent or greater than what the highway was designed to sustain.
Teen Birth Rates Age Group 15-19 in AK by Borough 2003 through 2018
Source link contains data of all states. Only AK data was imported into Open Data Portal.
Trapiches
Trapiches del Municipio de Santana-Capital Panelera de Colombia
Familias en Acción año 2018 Municipio de Sopó
Descripción del programa Familias en Acción del Municipio de Sopó para el año 2018
CONTRATOS 2012
CONTRATOS  2012
LA County GHG Inventory (2015) (Total and by City)
2015 Incorporated Cities and Unincorporated Area Greenhouse Gas Inventory (GPC Compliant)
Daily Census Tract-Level PM2.5 Concentrations, 2016
This dataset provides modeled predictions of PM2.5 levels from the EPA's Downscaler model. Data are at the census tract level for 2016. These data are used by the CDC's National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network to generate air quality measures. Census tract-level datasets contain estimates of the mean predicted concentration and associated standard error. Please refer to the metadata attachment for more information.  Learn more about outdoor air quality on the Tracking Network's website: https://ephtracking.cdc.gov/showAirLanding.action.  By using these data, you signify your agreement to comply with the following requirements: 1. Use the data for statistical reporting and analysis only. 2. Do not attempt to learn the identity of any person included in the data and do not combine these data with other data for the purpose of matching records to identify individuals. 3. Do not disclose of or make use of the identity of any person or establishment discovered inadvertently and report the discovery to: trackingsupport@cdc.gov. 4. Do not imply or state, either in written or oral form, that interpretations based on the data are those of the original data sources and CDC unless the data user and data source are formally collaborating. 5. Acknowledge, in all reports or presentations based on these data, the original source of the data and CDC. 6. Suggested citation: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network. Web. Accessed: insert date. www.cdc.gov/ephtracking.
State's Attorney Felony Cases - Initiation Results by Offense Type
The Initiation results data presented here reflects all of the arrests that came through the door of the State's Attorneys Office (SAO). Included in this data set are the defendant counts by initiation, their associated "topline" charge offense type, and year.     An initiation is how an arrest turns into a “case” in the courts. Most cases are initiated through a process known as felony review, in which SAO attorneys make a decision whether or not to prosecute. Cases may also be indicted by a grand jury or, in narcotics cases, filed directly by law enforcement (labeled "BOND SET (Narcotics)" in this data). Included in this data set are the defendant counts by initiation and year. This data includes felony cases handled by the Criminal, Narcotics, and Special Prosecution Bureaus. It does not include information about cases processed through the Juvenile Justice and Civil Actions Bureaus.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2020 - Bike
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020.
2006 - 2012 Math Test Results - Borough - SWD
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of math for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by borough and disability status.
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2003
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2003
2017 Evanston Police Department Directed Foot Patrols/Walk and Talk
On a routine basis and within their beat, officers are expected to be out of their police vehicles, positively engaging the public. Dataset shows the number of times engaged on a monthly basis
County/Metro Indicator - Delays in Access to Health Care
UCLA Center for Health Policy Research. AskCHIS 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011-2017. Delayed or didn't get other medical care (San Bernardino County, State of California). Available at ask.chis.ucla.edu. Exported on February 05, 2019.
Equipamiento de recreación del departamento de Caldas
Equipamiento de recreación del departamento de Caldas
All Payer Inpatient Quality Indicators (IQI) by Hospital (SPARCS): Calendar Year 2015
The datasets contain hospital discharges counts (numerators, denominators, volume counts), observed, expected and risk-adjusted rates with corresponding 95% confidence intervals for IQIs generated using methodology developed by Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).  The IQIs are a set of measures that provide a perspective on hospital quality of care using hospital administrative data. These indicators reflect quality of care inside hospitals and include inpatient mortality for certain procedures and medical conditions; utilization of procedures for which there are questions of overuse, underuse, and misuse; and volume of procedures for which there is some evidence that a higher volume of procedures is associated with lower mortality.  All the IQI measures were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data beginning 2009. US Census data files provided by AHRQ were used to derive denominators for county level (area level) IQI measures.    The mortality, volume and utilization measures IQIs are presented by hospital as rates or counts. Area-level utilization measures are presented by county as rates.
Integrantes de las Unidades de Trabajo Legislativo (UTL) de los Representantes a la Cámara
De acuerdo al artículo 388 Unidad de Trabajo Legislativo de los Congresistas de la Ley 5ta del 17 de junio de 1992, para el desarrollo de su labor legislativa cada congresista contará con una unidad de trabajo, integrada por no más de 10 empleados y/o contratistas. Se conformará dentro de las posibilidades que permite la combinación de rangos y nominaciones definidas en el mencionado artículo y las asignaciones salariales en su totalidad no podrán superar 50 salarios mínimos legales mensuales por cada unidad
Hospital Service Area File - 2016
This file is derived from the calendar year inpatient claims data. This file contains summarized information by provider number and ZIP code of the Medicare beneficiary. This file includes: -number of discharges,  -length of stay, and  -total charges.
Levantamiento Topográfico del Municipio de Chia 2017
Información estadística Levantamiento Topográfico del Municipio de Chia 2017
EWDD - Worksource Center Program Performance Outcomes
The WSC program, funded through the Workforce Investment Act (WIA); National Emergency Grant (NEG) and other competitive grants, provides employment training and placement services for adults and dislocated workers, with a special emphasis on vulnerable populations, including persons with disabilities, veterans, homeless, English-language learners and older workers.  Annual goals are established by California Employment Development Department and the US Department of Labor.
Festividades de Suárez- Tolima (4 de Septiembre de 2018)
Este Conjunto de datos contiene información de las festividades mas importantes del municipio de Suárez, Tolima.
EPS Public Complaint Investigation Speed
This dataset provides statistics for EPS' Public Complaint Investigation Speed, which measures the percentage of public complaint investigations against EPS that are concluded by EPS’ Professional Standards Branch within six months of the complaint being lodged. EPS’s targets for this standard to be achieved 50% of the time or more.
Commercial Building Permits
New & alteration/addition commercial permits
2011-2012 School Closure Discharge Reporting - Discharge Code
In June 2012, 7 New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2011-2012 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043
FY2013 City of Providence Enacted Budget
July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2013
ROTACIÓN DEPORTIVA ESCOLAR 2017
La Junta de Deportes y Recreación del Municipio de Copacabana, brinda uno de sus proyectos como es la educación física, deporte y recreación en la básica primaria a las escuelas publicas de la zona Urbana y Rural del municipio, en unión con Secretaria de Educación, avalado por la Administración Municipal  y por la Mesa de Educación Física como ayuda a estas instituciones, por la falencia de personal calificado en educación física para la básica primaria.
Population Estimates by Sex and Age Groups, 2019, N.B. / Estimations de la population par sexe et groupes d'âge, 2019 N.-B.
This table presents estimated number of persons on July 1st, for the years of 2015 to 2019 in the province of New Brunswick. / Ce tableau présente le nombre estimatif de personnes le 1er juillet, pour les années 2015 à 2019 dans la province du Nouveau-Brunswick.
Medical Marijuana Statistics - County Information
Medical Marijuana Registry Program Update by County as of January 31, 2014
Plats & Surveys
All County plats and surveys recorded before 2008 are linked in this dataset.
Directorio de restaurantes de Zipaquirá y su ubicación
Directorio de restaurantes de Zipaquirá y su ubicación
3-1-1 Service Request Submissions
Service requests submitted by or on the behalf of the public for city services. This report is not all inclusive of requests submitted to 3-1-1 for the City Jail, Fire Department, or City Departments, as well as complaints against city employees and emergency requests. These request types are not input into 3-1-1, but routed to the appropriate departments for resolution.
Part A - County Assessor Reports (2018 – 2019) - Exemptions on Qualified Property
This report includes data from all Enterprise Zone County Assessor Reports for both 2018 and 2019. This report also includes exemptions on qualified property, and is Part A of a two (2) part report. For more information visit https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx
Water Furnace Geothermal Heat Pumps: Site Characteristics: April 2015 - November 2016
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  Water Furnace Geothermal Heat Pumps: Site Characteristics dataset includes data from geothermal heat pump installations in upstate New York provided by the contractors responsible for the installation of each system. The characteristics were compiled when performing work contracted for and sponsored by the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA).  NYSERDA offers objective information and analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise, and support to help New Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and accelerate economic growth. reduce reliance on fossil fuels. To learn more about NYSERDA’s programs, visit nyserda.ny.gov or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, or Instagram.
Directorio empresarial turístico Pereira-Experiencias alrededor de la cultura cafetera
Sitios turísticos para visitar en la cultura cafetera de la ciudad de Pereira.
Daily Nitrogen Dioxide Emissions Utah 2009
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Nitrogen Dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
DIRECTORIO DE CONTRATISTAS Y SERVIDORES PÚBLICOS DE LA ALCALDÍA MUNICIPAL DE SAN EDUARDO
Directorio de funcionarios y contratistas de la administración municipal de San Eduardo
Security Level and Facility by Crime Group, Under Custody
Number of under-custody offenders by facility by crime grouping
On-street Construction and Maintenance
Dataset summarizes active On-Street Construction and Maintenance (OSCAM) permits issued for the temporary use of road space for construction and special event activities. The dataset is current for the date the data is extracted. It does not provide historical or future OSCAM permit dates.    Data is broken into 4 categories:    - Permits that are successfully translated and/or cross referenced to actual road segments  - Permits that could not be cross referenced to actual road segements, but a good approximation could be drawn  - Permits that are successfully translated to only a point on the roadway network  - Permits that could not be translated or cross reference to any aspect of the road network
Maryland Historical and Projected Households by Jurisdiction, 1970-2045
Households Projections for Maryland and the jurisdictions - historical households 1970-2010; projections out to 2040. Projections prepared by the Maryland Department of Planning, October 2018.
Food Facility Handwash Violations
Hand wash violations tracking of food facilities in Marin County.  For each food facility, data contains four year look backs (or less if not licensed that long) of the number of regular inspections, number of inspections with major hand wash violations, whether the facility had consecutive inspections with major hand wash violations, and geographic information.  Data is updated every six months.  Environmental Health Services considers the following food facility inspection codes to be a major hand wash violation for purposes of this data set.  CHSC 113953.4 CHSC 113973.b-c CHSC 113968 CHSC 113961 CHSC 113952 CHSC 113953.3
DC Commuter Bus Locations
The DC GIS program, coordinated by the Office of the Chief Technology Officer (OCTO), works to improve the quality and lower the cost of services provided by the DC government, through the District's collective investment and effective application of geospatial data and systems. For more information, please visit http://dcgis.dc.gov/
Economy - Housing Affordability
Latest information is available at:  https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/16_1YR/DP04/0100000US|0400000US06|0500000US06071
Esquema de publicación Municipio de Candelaria Valle
Esquema de Publicación de la Información pagina Web según ley de transparencia de acceso a la información.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of August 2018.</p>
Documentos CDIM
Centro de Documentacion municipal
Directorio Instituciones Educativas Acacías Meta
En este conjunto de datos se encuentra la información de cada Institución Educativa del municipio de Acacías-Meta.
Federally Navigable Waterways in Oregon
Following is a list of Oregon waterways that have been determined to meet the federal test of navigability for purposes of State ownership of the underlying submerged and submersible land
Electricity Use by Utility Provider Plan
Annual electricity generation in kWh by Marin Clean Energy plan and by PG&E.  Covers the years 2009 through 2016.  This data is gathered by the Marin Climate and Energy Partnership (MCEP), a group of representatives from all of Marin’s towns and cities, Marin County, Marin Municipal Water District, Marin Clean Energy, and the Transportation Authority of Marin.  The purpose of the program is to assist Marin agencies to assess, prioritize and implement greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction and other conservation activities.  For more information about MCEP, please visit <a href="http://marinclimate.org" target =_blank style="">marinclimate.org</a>  To learn more about climate change and energy metrics in Marin County, please visit <a href="http://marintracker.org" target =_blank>marintracker.org</a> <br>
TFD EMS Performance
Fire EMS performance goal data. Contains EMS Incident counts, and percentages meeting response goals.  Also contains comparison data for baseline data (2016)
CorStat - Homelessness Outreach Events
View the City of Corona's outreach evens regarding homelessness and other related topics. To add events to the calendar, please send a request to the Communications team by e-mailing Cindy Solis at Cindy.Solis@CoronaCA.gov.
Address Location for Service Providers
Address location for the Vermont Financial Literacy Database
Youth In Custody Aggregate Days Of Membership 2005
This data set contains the average daily membership counts for Youth's in Custody in Utah for school year 2005.
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Red de Salud del Norte
ES EL INSTRUMENTO DEL QUE DISPONEN LOS SUJETOS OBLIGADOS PARA INFORMAR, DE FORMA ORDENADA, A LA CIUDADANÍA, INTERESADOS Y USUARIOS, SOBRE LA INFORMACIÓN PUBLICADA EN EL SITIO WEB OFICIAL.
2008 General - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
November 2008 general election; final/official results by precinct.
West Jordan Public Health Indicators 2017_2019 Census Tract
This data set contains census tract and city public health indicators for chronic diseases like obesity, diabetes, smoking, cancer, kidney disease, etc. These small area estimates will allow cities and local health departments to better understand the burden and geographic distribution of health-related variables in their jurisdictions, and assist them in planning public health interventions.
RSK Percent Employee Participation in Wellness Program
The measures tracks the percent of employees participating in a Wellness program.   Employees covered by Pierce County managed medical plans will have continued opportunity to participate in an incentive-based Wellness program promoting healthier lifestyles and reducing medical costs.
2017 Traffic and City Ordinance Citations
Citations for traffic and city ordinance violations. This does not include parking citations.
2014 Census - Population by Citizenship (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Expenditures: ESD: LBL (Linn, Benton, Lincoln)  Fiscal Year 2014
Summary of expenditures for ESD Linn, Benton, and Lincoln for Fiscal Year 2014
[ARCHIVED] Health Statistics Health Disorders by Gender 1995-2000
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports health disorders by sex.  Geographies available: county, district health authorities
Official Election Results by Office
Official Election Results by Office
NNDSS - TABLE 1V. Malaria to Measles, Indigenous
NNDSS - TABLE 1V. Malaria to Measles, Indigenous - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Notice: Data from California published in week 29 for years 2019 and 2020 were incomplete when originally published on July 24, 2020. On August 4, 2020, incomplete case counts were replaced with a "U" indicating case counts are not available for specified time period.   Notice:  Measles data for weeks 1-4 (in Table 1v) were updated on 02-28-2020 to correct the classification of imported and indigenous. For all weeks, measles is considered imported if the disease was acquired outside of the United States and is considered indigenous if the disease was acquired anywhere within the United States or it is not known where the disease was acquired.  Note: This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.  Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data). § Measles is considered imported if the disease was acquired outside of the United States and is considered indigenous if the disease was acquired anywhere within the United States or it is not known where the disease was acquired.
Loma Mar Geotechnical Study
PRKGS Measure K Performance
Asistentes a los cursos de metrología  año 2015
Número de asistentes a los cursos de metrología  que presto el Instituto Nacional de Metrologia en el año 2015
Matricula colegios oficiales  Octubre 2018
Anexo 6A  Información sobre matricula de los colegios oficiales fecha de corte - Octubre 2018
Control y vigilancia para protección al consumidor
Números de visitas para la protección al consumidor en publicidad, promociones y precios entre otros.
2013 NFIRS Cincinnati Fire Department Incident Data
Data Description: The National Fire Incident Reporting System (NFIRS) is a reporting standard that fire departments nationwide use to uniformly report on the full range of fire department activities. This dataset encompasses all fire incidents reported to NFIRS that were responded to by the Cincinnati Fire Department in the year 2013.  Data Creation: NFIRS was created in 1976 to address the United State’s fire problem and is jointly managed by the U.S Fire Administration (USFA) and the National Fire Information Council (NFIC). Over the life of the system, all 50 states, more than 40 major metropolitan areas, and more than 15,000 fire departments have participated in NFIRS. Fore more information please visit: https://www.usfa.fema.gov/data/nfirs/about/index.html  Data Created By: The source of this data is the Cincinnati Fire Department.  Refresh Frequency: This dataset is static and posted annually.  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
Added Projects
Projects added to the plan.
State University Construction Fund (SUCF) Projects: Beginning 1989
Listing of Fund and Campus Managed Projects Funded through State University Construction Fund Appropriations
State Of Utah Income Tax Collections By County 2009
This data set contains income tax collections by County in Utah for the tax year 2009.
Appeals Filed In 2017
A list of all appeals filed with the Civil Service Commission in 2017. This list includes both Civil Service Law Section 50 Disqualification Appeals and Civil Service Law Section 76 Disciplinary Appeals.
Enhanced Transit Safety Retrofit Package (E-TRP)
The data is taken from three intersections and 24 buses over a six month period in Cleveland, Ohio. The systems at the intersections provided MAP and SPAT messages and the SPAT message contained pedestrian detections from a series of cameras at the intersection. The buses received these messages and used them to alert the vehicle driver when pedestrians were about to enter the crosswalks or was in the crosswalk. The buses also used basic safety messages from external vehicles to warn the driver when another vehicle had the potential of making a right hand turn in front of the vehicle. The data contains bus locations, bus state changes, pedestrian detections and user interface state changes. 
NOVEMBER 2018 - ACTIVE LIST
This list contains all currently licensed PACFA facilities.
Crime by Offense Type and Law Enforcement Agency Data
Dataset showing annual counts, rates and clearance information of reported crime by offense type are categorized by the reporting law enforcement agency.   The Bureau of Criminal Apprehension calculates the crime rates using local estimates of each jurisdiction's resident population.   These population estimates differ from census estimates and result in crime rates different than those reported in the county dataset.
New city regulated affordable homes- cumulative
Data reflects new City Regulated units coming online between 2019-2022 as of 12/31/19 reporting period.
Research Payment Data – Detailed Dataset 2013 Reporting Year
All research-related payments from the 2013 program year [August 1 – December 31, 2013]
Emergency room diagnoses Whole Person Care
Most common treat-and-release emergency room diagnoses for Whole Person Care dashboard
VEINTE PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CATEGORÍAS CIE-10 EN CONSULTA DE URGENCIAS 2019
VEINTE PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR CATEGORÍAS CIE-10 EN CONSULTA DE URGENCIAS 2019
WAT OWNER/DRIVERS TRIP REIMBURSEMENT 11/12/14-12/31/15
Data set provides the total amount of money paid to wheelchair accessible taxi drivers for the period 11/12/14-12/31/15. Drivers were paid $20/wheelchair passenger trip from the City of Seattle Wheelchair Accessible Services Fund.
Imperial County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Imperial County.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS044
Driver Feedback Sign DFS044  Latitude: 53.61818 Longitude:-113.563126  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Police - Crime Prevention through Environmental Design
Number and percentage of community police officers trained in crime prevention through environmental design (CPTED) and number of CPTED inspections performed by year.
All license plate reader data (ALPR) 7/6/2011-12/19/2011
All license plate reader data (ALPR)
Vehicle Registrations By Fuel Type
Number of vehicles, by type of fuel, registered in San Mateo County.
NYSERDA Supported Clean Energy Research and Development Projects: Beginning 1991
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) offers objective information and analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise, and support to help New Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and accelerate economic growth. To learn more about NYSERDA’s programs, visit nyserda.ny.gov or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, or Instagram. The NYSERDA Supported Clean Energy Research and Development Projects dataset names clean energy companies receiving non-equity pre-seed funding (grants) from NYSERDA’s Technology and Business Innovation programs. These programs are designed not only to develop better clean energy technologies but also to provide multiple ways to create products and services that benefit NYS energy users. Dataset is current as of the end of the last calendar quarter (March, June, September, or December). Each record contains the Application ID, Primary Contractor Name, Contractor Type, Project Type, Technology, Project Title, Contractor location, Contractor Website, Award Date, and Award Amount. For more information on a specific project in this dataset, please visit https://www.nyserda.ny.gov/Researchers-and-Policymakers/Research-Project/.
Weigh-In-Motion Station Vehicle Traffic Counts: 2013
This data set is a list of daily vehicle counts, in each direction, taken at the weigh-in-motion (WIM) stations operated by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) during the 2013 calendar year.  Daily totals by direction are provided, as well as totals in each of 13 vehicle-type classes, and latitude-longitude locations of each station.
APD Arrests Dataset by Neighborhood
Dataset highlighting arrests by Albany PD Officers for the past year to date GeoCoded by Neighborhood. It is the same data as Arrests by Patrol Zone  For purposes of crime statistics, the FBI Uniform Crime Report Hierarchy Rule requires when more than one offense occurs in an incident the highest priority crime is selected as the primary offense.
Building Inspection Permits 1998 - Present
Each row in this dataset represents a building permit that was issued by the City of Greensboro.
No Development Sites (Plan Bay Area 2040)
Sites designated by local jurisdictions where development cannot occur.
Edmonton Climate Change - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the September 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1245&as=fG57Nx60BD&t=1    Open from September 12 - 20, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6500 Insight Community Members. 2345 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 36%. A total of 2393 respondents completed the survey: 2345 Insight Community Members and 48 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Substantiated Incidents of Abuse Experienced by Youth Ages 0-17 Years- St. Louis County
This dataset includes annual counts and rates for incidents of substantiated abuse experienced in St. Louis County by youth ages 0-17 years as reported to the Missouri Department of Social Services, Children’s Division. Substantiated incidents abuse are those where there is a finding that a preponderance of evidence exists to conclude abuse/neglect has occurred or is occurring as a result of the observation of visible signs, physical and/or credible verbal evidence provided to the Children’s Service Worker by the child, perpetrator or witnesses in accordance with the definitions of abuse/neglect. Categories of abuse include physical, neglect, emotional, educational neglect and sexual abuse.
San Francisco County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in San Francisco County.
Federal Funds Expenditures FY 2016-Aug. 14, 2017
---CURRENTLY IN TESTING-NOT FOR OFFICIAL USE---  This is a dataset of checkbook level expenditures of federal funds. When used in conjunction with the SID to CFDA crosswalk dataset users can determine expenditures associated with the federal program: https://data.ct.gov/dataset/Catalog-of-Federal-Domestic-Assictance-CFDA-Number/cm2u-6v8f
Reclamaciones Saneamiento 2019
INFORME CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE SANEAMIENTO DE AGUA
Expense Actuals
This dataset contains agency summary level data for total and city funded expense actuals.  The dollar amount fields are rounded to thousands. Data are from FY 2002 and updated once a year after annual expense numbers are final.  Usually, they are updated along with the first quarter financial plan between October and December each year.
ESTADÍSTICAS DE LAS PERSONAS DESMOVILIZADAS FRENTE A SU ESTADO EN EL PROCESO DE REINTEGRACIÓN
Es de interés para la Entidad poner a disposición de la ciudadanía, información nacional y regional que permita analizar y dar a conocer el estado calculado actual de las personas desmovilizadas dentro de su proceso reintegración.   La variable estado calculado del individuo dentro del proceso, se procesa teniendo en cuenta el estado SIR y convenios de intercambio de información, que permiten validar la sobrevivencia de una persona y su situación jurídica. Esta variable presenta las siguientes categorías:  •	Activo •	Inactivo •	Culminado •	Suspendido •	Terminado •	Cambio de Proceso •	En Investigación por abandono al proceso de reintegración (6 meses) •	En investigación por causal sobreviniente •	Fallecido •	Pérdida de Beneficios •	Retiro Voluntario
2015-2016 Demographic Data - Grades K-8 School
Report on Demographic Data in New York City Public Schools In Response to Local Law No. 59 2016  Notes "Enrollment counts are based on the October 31st Audited Register for 2015."
2014 Child and Adult Health Care Quality Measures
Performance rates on frequently reported health care quality measures in the CMS Medicaid/CHIP Child and Adult Core Sets, for FFY 2014 reporting.  Dataset contains both child and adult measures. Source: Mathematica analysis of FFY 2014 Child and Adult CARTS reports as of May 8, 2015, as published in the 2015 Secretary's Reports on the Quality of Care in Medicaid/CHIP.
2010-2011 Class Size - Borough Summary
This file shows average class size for each borough, aggregated by grade and program type. For grades 5-9 (where available) and 9-12, the data are shown by program type and core course.  Based on January 28, 2011 data.  * Grade 9 Official Class data is included for 0K-09 schools. Core Course information for these sections is not reported.
Care 4 Kids Provider Count by Town and Type, October 2018
Care 4 Kids Active Provider Count By Town and Setting, Service Month October 2018
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo de arroz semestre 1, en el departamento del Cesar.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de evaluación de tierras a escala 1:100.000, para la formulación del Plan de Ordenamiento Productivo y Social de la Propiedad Rural, así como la realización del Análisis Hidrológico para generar soluciones de Irrigación para zonas y sectores productivos estratégicos en el departamento del Cesar. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de arroz. Categorias: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de arroz.
Ischemic Heart Disease Crude Prevalence
Ischemic heart disease crude prevalence in Nova Scotia. Includes the following data fields: Management Zone, Sex, Age Group, Population, Ischemic Heart disease Count, Crude Prevalence Rate %
NOAA-Sanctuary and Monument reporting areas that can adequately assess resource condition
Each site within the National Marine Sanctuary System conducts or facilitates characterization, monitoring, and research to protect the resources in the system. A series of questions are posed to all sanctuaries as a starting point for the creation of periodic condition reports that rate the status and trends of key resources, processes, and resource services provided. One way to determine how comprehensively we are conducting monitoring in a sanctuary, or gathering information for use in the condition reports, is to quantify the proportion of relevant questions and ecosystem services for which experts are able to provide ratings. The higher the proportion, the more adequate the monitoring program.
2006 - 2012  Math Test Results - District - All Students
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of math for grades 3 through 8. Data are disaggregated by district.
Homeless Census 2007 - 2010
Results from the one day point in time census of homeless individuals in San Mateo County from 2007 - 2010. The Census and Survey was designed to meet two related sets of data needs. The first is the requirement of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) that communities applying for McKinney-Vento Homelessness Assistance funds (also known as Continuum of Care or “CoC” funds) must conduct a point-in-time count of homeless people a minimum of every two years. These counts are required to take place in the last ten days of January.
Talbot County Full and Part Time Jobs By Industry: Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040
Total Jobs by Industry, Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040 in Talbot County by Industry and by Place of Work
Berkeley PD Log - Jail Bookings
Adults booked into the Berkeley Police Department Jail over the past 30 days.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Geriatric Mental Health Contracted Providers
Listing of DFTA Geriatric Mental Health Contracts Information and Hours of Operation.
Recreation and Parks Program Totals: Spring 2017
Recreation and Parks Program Totals for Spring 2017
Proved Reserves Of Natural Gas By State T4.1 2011
Proved Reserves Of Natural Gas By State T4.1 2011
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 - Litter
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.    This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2016 to September 30, 2017.
Attractions
List of all types of attractions owned by the City of Edmonton.  Recreation Facilities, Outdoor Pools, Arenas and general attractions.
Pierce County Claim Settlements
Claim settlements by date, department, claimant, claim type, and amount.
Ejecución Presupuestal Pasiva   de los meses Junio Agosto y   Septiembre del 2019
Se publica el informe de la  Ejecución Presupuestal Pasiva   de los meses Junio Agosto y Se  Septiembre del 2019 De la E.S.E Hospital San Vicente de Paul Fómeque
Opt Out Affidavits
****ATTENTION USERS****** *Some Providers' Opt-Out Status may end early due to COVID 19 waivers. Please contact your respective MAC for further information****  A list of practitioners who are currently opted out of Medicare. This dataset was last updated on October 16th, 2020 and will be updated next on or around November 20, 2020 tentatively. For an interactive Search Tool for Opt-Out Affidavits please visit: https://data.cms.gov/opt-out-affidavits Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ): https://data.cms.gov/opt-out-affidavits/faqs There are 151 providers (~0.61%) of all current opt-out providers with an NPI billing for emergency / urgent care during opt out period.
Chronic Absenteeism (CV)
</p>  <p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/Learn-More-Chronic-Absenteeism-CV-/7e89-fw9u/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
SF Development Pipeline 2019 Q3
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly. For more information please see http://sf-planning.org/pipeline-report A data dictionary can be downloaded from here: https://sfplanninggis.s3.amazonaws.com/PipelineDataDictionary.xlsx
Aberdeen Flood Depths 11-27-18
1.  This dataset provides summary data needed to help determine the premium for a flood insurance policy.  2.  The elevation and depth data come from approximate methods and could be one foot or more off. A FEMA Elevation Certificate is needed to provide the more accurate data required to write a policy. The dataset was compiled by French & Associates with support from the Washington State Department of Ecology. The source elevation information came from the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Flood Depth Grid for Grays Harbor County. Property information came from Grays Harbor County, with help from the City of Aberdeen.  3.  Download instructions for getting a floor level for flood insurance elevation rating at https://bit.ly/2BJDdTi.
ESPACIO PÚBLICO DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE CALDAS
Ubicación de los puntos de espacio publico del departamento de Caldas
DIRECTORIO EMPRESARIAL TURÍSTICO PEREIRA-ZONAS PICNIC
Zonas donde se puede realizar comidas familiares al aire libre.
Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 Medicare Fee-for-Service (FFS) Comprehensive Error Rate Testing (CERT) Improper Payment Data
The dataset includes detailed information on Medicare FFS claims that underwent CERT medical review for the FY 2015 report period (claims submitted July 1, 2013 through June 30, 2014).  These claims were used to calculate the FY 2015 Medicare FFS improper payment rate.
Nivel del Mar Mínimo
Nivel medio del mar mínimo. Los datos disponibles a través de este medio pueden ser libremente consumidos bajo los siguientes clausulas: 1.Los datos a visualizar o descargar a continuación no han sido validados por el IDEAM. 2. Los datos aquí dispuestos son datos crudos instantáneos provenientes de los sensores de las estaciones automáticas de la red propia y/o producto de convenios interadministrativos con terceras entidades. 3. Los datos son puestos a disposición de la ciudadanía como mecanismo de transparencia y para proveer una herramienta de apoyo a la gestión del riesgo territorial y como datos abiertos en cumplimiento de la Ley 1712 de 2014. 4. Es posible que los datos aquí dispuestos tengan cierto retraso en el tiempo debido a las frecuencias de envío de datos de los sensores y los medios de transmisión utilizados. 5. Los datos presenten errores y/o inconsistencias estando incluso por fuera de los límites considerados normales, producto de fallas en los sensores de origen. 6. El posterior uso e interpretación que se le dé para cualquier finalidad queda bajo la exclusiva responsabilidad del portador de los datos. 7. Cualquier destino que se le dé a los datos exime al IDEAM de realizarles cualquier tipo de justificación o iniciarles proceso alguno de validación posterior, cuya fuente primaria deben ser los canales oficialmente dispuestos por la Entidad para el suministro de información oficial y validada. 8. Por las razones expuestas anteriormente los datos dispuestos no podrán ser utilizados como evidencia jurídica ante entes de control acerca de la ocurrencia o no de fenómenos hidroclimatológicos o de soporte a cualquier tipo de situación o evento ocurrido como consecuencia de estos.
Pacientes en Hospitalización Año 2017
Pacientes en Hospitalización Año 2017
Ozone Forming Air Pollution Levels by Year
Ozone forming air pollution (oxides of nitrogen, volatile organic compounds) levels by year
SEDES EDUCATIVAS PÚBLICAS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE GRANADA META
Por medio de este conjunto de datos abiertos podrá tener la ubicación de las Instituciones Educativas, Centros Educativos y sus sedes públicas del municipio de Granada Meta.
MATRICULAS INICIALES POR MARCA 2DO SEMESTRE 2018
Cantidad de matrículas iniciales por marca del 2do semestre 2018 en el Municipio de Copacabana
2010 - 2011 School Attendance and Enrollment Statistics by District
DOE attendance and enrollment statistics broken down by school district
2015 Number of ACO Assigned Beneficiaries by County PUF
Assigned beneficiary person-year counts are based on certified ACO Participant Lists for the performance year (PY) associated with the file year (e.g. PY 2014, PY 2015, PY2016) and based on the assignment methodology and definition of dual eligible beneficiaries in effect for that performance year.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of November 2017.</p>
Vital Statistics Deaths by Resident County, Region, and Race/Ethnicity: Beginning 2003
This dataset contains death counts by resident county and race/ethnicity. For more information check out: http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/vital_statistics.
Budget Summary Data
Information from the 2016 Budget Summary for the City of Franklin
Indice de información Clasificada y Reservada del Municipio de Garzón
El Índice de información clasificada y reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por la entidad, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Bomberos Voluntarios de Santa María Boyacá
Contacto de emergencias, Cuerpo de Bomberos voluntarios  (Santa María, Boyacá).
RELACIÓN EN TRANSMISIÓN SRAM EAGLE, PERÍMETRO EN RUEDA 2,30 METROS.
CONTIENE LA ESTADÍSTICA DE LA RELACIÓN EN TRANSMISIÓN SRAM EAGLE, PERÍMETRO EN RUEDA 2,30 METROS.
Property Tax Rates by Tax Class
Table of tax rates by year
Coal Production And Number Of Mines By State And Mine Type T2.6 2004
Coal Production And Number Of Mines By State And Mine Type T2.6 2004
Sewer Service Area - Pierce County
This data was created for use in the PC Data Menu and PublicGIS. Data created by dissolving serv_area_CARTOGRAPHIC using the STATUS field.
NYC Independent Budget Office (IBO) Revenue And Spending Summary FY 1980 - FY 2013
Annual revenue and spending data by major areas of the budget from FY 1980 through FY 1963
Open Data Fire RMS Incidents - Jan 1, 2013 - May 31, 2018
Bellevue Fire Department Incidents from the period 1/1/13 through 5/31/18
Budget - 2019 Budget Ordinance - Positions and Salaries
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1, 2019.  This dataset displays the positions and related salaries detailed in the budget as of January 1. It is extracted from the personnel portion of the Appropriation Ordinance. The dataset presents the position titles (without names) and salaries described in the budget, but does not provide a reflection of the current city workforce with full names and salaries.  Disclaimer: the “Total Budgeted Units” column displays either A) the number of employees AND vacancies associated with a given position, or B) the number of budgeted units (ie. hours/months) for that position. “Position Control” determines whether Total Budgeted Units column will count employees and vacancies or hours/months. If a Position Control is 1, then employees and vacancies are displayed; if a Position Control is 0, then the total number of hours/months recorded is displayed.  For information on the current city workforce, with names, positions and salaries, visit the "Current Employee Names, Salaries, and Position Titles" dataset: https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/xzkq-xp2w.
FOIA Request Log - Human Resources
FOIA requests received by Human Resources as of May 1, 2010
Percentage of Adults Who Report Driving After Drinking Too Much (in the past 30 days), 2012 & 2014,  Region 10 - Seattle
Source: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 2012, 2014.
2010 Census/ACS Basic Block Group Data
basic characteristics of people and housing for individual 2010 census block groups
Vendor Payments Calendar Year 2015
A data set of payments made to vendors in 2015. Checkbook level data. When analyzing this data be aware that the sum amount and voucher are unique amounts, the payment amount is the total of a check. A check often includes more than one voucher.  As a result of the Red Flag Commission recommendations, Ordinance 970032 was passed by the City Council Jan. 23, 1997. This ordinance requires the city to publish a report every two weeks listing all city payments.
FTE - FY2011 To FY2015 - City Of Providence
Comparison of Providence Full-Time Employee count from July 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014.
Stale Dated Checks
Welcome to the County of Sonoma Auditor-Controller's website for uncashed County checks.  If your check has been lost/destroyed or stale-dated, please fill out this form and follow the included instructions to obtain a replacement check:   <a href="http://sonomacounty.ca.gov/WorkArea/DownloadAsset.aspx?id=2147556107" title="Affidavit to Obtain Duplicate Of Lost/Destroyed Check">Affidavit to Obtain Duplicate Of Lost/Destroyed Check.</a>  Contained here is the inventory of all Sonoma County checks (excluding those checks that are considered private, such as welfare payments, child support, and employee benefits and payroll, which are exempt from disclosure under Welfare & Institutions Code §10850 and §11478.1 and Government Code §6254 (c) and (k)) that have been issued and mailed, but which remain uncashed 6 months after their issue date ("stale" checks).  Please note the County does not maintain a list of reissued checks, this listing could include checks that were subsequently reissued and cashed and are therefore no longer eligible for reissue.  In accordance with Government Code §29802, uncashed County checks are void and become stale after 6 months. Uncashed County checks that are lost or destroyed may be reissued up to 2 years from the stale date (2 years and 6 months from the date of issuance) when a valid Affidavit is filed certifying the loss or destruction, and after a review of records indicates the check was not previously reissued. An uncashed, stale County check that is more than 2 years and 6 months old may be reissued only upon receipt of the original check, and if a review of records indicates the check was not previously reissued.   This information is refreshed daily and contains 6 years of data in accordance with our record retention policy.  Checks are stale dated on a monthly basis, the most recent set of stale dated checks will be reflected in this listing by the 15th of the month.
QCEW by NAICS (2 level) and Towns
Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages (QCEW) by NAICS (2 level) and Towns.  Source:  Connecticut Department of Labor Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages (QCEW).  QCEW data is regularly reviewed to correct and/or update industry (NAICS) codes that no longer reflect the ongoing business activity of a firm. Because of these corrections, in some cases changes from year to year may over or understate the actual changes occurring within the industry sector.   Any questions regarding this data may directed to dol.lmi@ct.gov
Datos de calidad del aire en la estación Pance 2013 a 2018 en Santiago de Cali
La estación Pance ubicada al sur de la ciudad en la zona rural, es una estación automática que reporta información horaria al centro de control del DAGMA. Mide contaminantes como el Material Particulado Menor a 10 micrometros (PM10), el Ozono (O3) y variables meteorológicas como velocidad del viento, dirección del viento, temperatura, humedad, radiación solar y precipitación.    El DAGMA mediante el grupo de calidad del aire en el transcurso de los años ha trabajado en robustecer el sistema de calidad del aire para garantizar la continuidad en los datos, sin embargo es normal que los sistemas de monitoreo de calidad del aire presenten discontinuidad en los datos (datos faltantes o espacios en blanco) debido a dos situaciones: la primera corresponde a las anomalías que se dan en las estaciones de monitoreo, tales como: Fallas en los equipos, falta de energía eléctrica en la zona, hurto de equipos o cableado, mantenimiento o cambio de equipos, etc y la segunda causa corresponde a la inclusión o exclusión de algunos contaminantes o variables meteorológicas, según criterio de los expertos y característica de la zona a monitorear.    Para conocer más sobre la temática, se invita a la comunidad interesada a consultar los boletines de calidad del aire, los cuales se encuentran cargados en el portal del DAGMA, sección grupo de Calidad del Aire: http://www.cali.gov.co/dagma/publicaciones/sistema_de_vigilancia_de_calidad_del_aire_de_cali_svcac_pub
Redmond Facilities
Addresses for many of the Redmond facilities, including fire stations.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a ABRIL de 2016
Reportes Financieros con corte a 30 de Abril de 2016 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
YourMoney Authority Revenue
This represents revenue data reported by independent authorities since FY2011. Additional information is in the attached dataset summary PDF (available on the [About] tab under "Attachments").
OPERADORES TURISTICOS CALIMA EL DARIEN
Aquí puedes encontrar los operadores de Servicios Turísticos de Calima El Darién.
pln_sgmt_service_areas [test]
Plan Finder dataset pln_sgmt_service_areas [test], released on 2020-10-22.
Number of Heat Stress Emergency Department Visits in LA County (2005-2014)
Data by Special Planning Area  from LA County Public Health for the purposes of normalizing counts of ED visits. Data is normalized by population and includes counts of heat stress ED visits by Special Planning Area from LACDPH.  Omitted SPA 5 and 6 for all years except 2008 because the counts were too small.
September 2016 Parking Revenue And Sources
Data shows parking revenue by zone, revenue, and transaction type.
LAcity.org Website Traffic
Unique visitors, total sessions, and bounce rate for lacity.org, the main website for the City of Los Angeles.
Expenditures: Agencies: As of June 30, 2010
This report provides information on expenditures (i.e., cash transactions/payments) for the agencies that utilize the State Financial Management Application (SFMA) issued for the fiscal year 2010 (July 1, 2009 - June 30, 2010).   See the Oregon Transparency Website Expenditure page for more detail: http://oregon.gov/transparency/expenditures.page
Water Fluoridation Statistics - Percent of PWS population receiving fluoridated water
2000-2018. Water Fluoridation Statistics is a biennial report of the percentage and number of people receiving fluoridated water from 2000 through 2018, originally published at http://www.cdc.gov/fluoridation/statistics/index.htm. For more information, see: http://www.cdc.gov/oralhealthdata/overview/fluoridation_indicators.html
2006 - 2011 NYS Math Test Results by Grade - Citywide - by Race-Ethnicity
New York City Results on the New York State Mathematics Tests, Grades 3 - 8  Notes:  As of 2006, the New York State Education Department expanded the ELA and mathematics testing programs to Grades 3-8. Previously, state tests were administered in Grades 4 and 8 and citywide tests were administered in Grades 3, 5, 6, and 7.  In 2006, NYSED treated District 75 students as a distinct geographic district. For 2007-2011, District 75 students are represented in their home districts and boroughs. Spreadsheets for District and Borough do not include District 75 students in 2006.  Starting in 2010, NYSED changed the scale score required to meet each of the proficiency levels, increasing the number of questions students needed to answer correctly to meet proficiency.
Información de aguas lluvias Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística de aguas lluvias Municipio de Chia 2018
Groundwater Chemistry in Ramotswa, Botswana - Rainwater Chemistry Dataset
Rainwater collected in clean bucket in Gaborone. Filtered and refrigerated before analysis. All concentrations in mg/L. Analyzed at WaterLab in Pretoria, South Africa.
Utah Endangered Species List
Utah Endangered Species List
C-8, Tax Liability By State Net Income Class All Corporations
This dataset contains tax liability data for all corporations within ranges of state net income (C and S Corporations) based on California corporation tax forms.
Directorio Almacenes de Ropa y Calzado Quinchía
Directorio Almacenes de Ropa y Calzado de Quinchía Risaralda
Austin Water Approved Plant List
Austin Water’s approved plant list specifies plants that may receive a new landscape/xeriscape watering schedule variance. A landscape must have xeric (low or very low water use) plants to receive the variance. Austin Water might approve other plants if they will be low or very low water use once established. For a list of stabilization/erosion control plants that qualify for this variance, please refer to The City of Austin’s Standard Specifications Manual Item #604S
2008 State Expenditures
Financial data relating to the purchases of goods and services by the state as well as financial disbursements through various state programs
2016 Medicare Shared Savings Program Participants
The Medicare Shared Savings Program (or Shared Savings Program) facilitates coordination among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries while reducing the growth in health care costs. Eligible providers, hospitals, and suppliers may apply to participate in the Shared Savings Program by creating or participating in an Accountable Care Organization (ACO).     Note: Data descriptions are available in the Data Dictionary on the ACOs in Your State webpage at https://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Medicare-Fee-for-Service-Payment/sharedsavingsprogram/ACOs-in-Your-State.html. Look for the Downloads section at the bottom of the page and open the ZIP file to see the Data Dictionary.    DISCLAIMER: This data is the certified list of ACO participants for 2016. The ACO has the most up-to-date information. Consider using them as a resource to obtain the latest information about their ACO participants.  The names in the Par LBN column appear as reported in the original data source.
Presidential Election Results And Turnout 1936-2016
This dataset shows the total turnout as well as the vote counts for the two major parties in Macoupin County from 1936 to 2016. The national winner is listed first in the Election field.
Instituciones Educativas y Directivos del municipio de Quinchía Risaralda
Listado de las Instituciones Educativas con sus respectivos Centros Educativos, dirección y ubicación, nit de las Intituciones Educativas, nombre del docente directivo de la Institución Educativa y su respectivo director de núcleo con los datos de contacto.
Datos Abiertos Enfermedad Isquemica Del Corazón
Datos Abiertos Enfermedad Isquemica Del Corazón
Biennial Funding By Source -- 8-22-2016
Showing biennial tally of State, Federal and Local salmon recovery funding sources administered through the WA State Recreation and Conservation Office.
CENTRO EDUCATIVOS DEL MUNICIPIO DE SAN GIL
Informacion general base de datos de los establecimientos educativos publicos y privados del municipio de San gil
Juntas de Acción Comunal de los municipios de Norte de Santander
En este dataset encontramos el listado de juntas de acción comunal de Norte de Santander.
2010-2011 Class Size - District-level Summary
This file shows average class size for each district, broken out by program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area), and for grades 5-9 (where available) and 9-12, aggregated by program type (General Education, CTT, and Self-Contained Special Education) and core course (e.g. English 9, Integrated Algebra, US History, etc.).  Based on January 28, 2011 data.  * Grade 9 Official Class data is included for 0K-09 schools. Core Course information for these sections is not reported.
GDP by Metropolitan Statistical Area
Gross Domestic Production (GDP) in millions of 2009 Dollars by industry per Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), from 2001 to 2017 in Colorado, as provided by the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA).
featured_stories
Template Dataset: featured_stories
Median Home Values Per Sq Ft By Neighborhood Utah 1996-2015
This data set contains average home values by square foot by neighborhoods in Utah from 1996 to 2015.  From Zillow.com.
DIRECTORIO DE HOTELES Y RESIDENCIAS EN CALAMAR GUAVIARE
En este directorio electrónico encuentre los datos de contacto para mayor información de Hoteles y Residencias, que prestan el servicio de habitaciones en Calamar, Guaviare.
Library Printing and Copying
The number of computer printouts issued from public workstations and the number of photocopies issued from public copiers. Updated annually.
Controlled Substance Prescriptions per Quarter
Controlled Substance prescription breakdown per quarter beginning in 2016
Geolocalizacion Consultas Especializadas 2016 ( Departamento Caldas)
Distribución geográfica de consultas especializadas realizadas por el Hospital durante la vigencia 2016, incluye subregiones, municipios, diagnósticos y especialidades.
Hospital Inpatient Discharges (SPARCS De-Identified): 2015
The Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) Inpatient De-identified File contains discharge level detail on patient characteristics, diagnoses, treatments, services, and charges. This data file contains basic record level detail for the discharge. The de-identified data file does not contain data that is protected health information (PHI) under HIPAA. The health information is not individually identifiable; all data elements considered identifiable have been redacted. For example, the direct identifiers regarding a date have the day and month portion of the date removed.
Forestry Planting Spaces
Record of Forestry planting spaces for NYC Parks & Recreation.   Tree Points and Planting Spaces form the basis of ForMS 2.0’s data inventory and are the core entities that all Service Requests, Inspections, and Work Orders are associated to.  The system has built-in rules to ensure that every Tree Point has a Planting Space and each Planting Space can have no more than one active Tree Point at a given time.  Locations that have had one tree removed and another tree replanted will appear in ForMS 2.0 as a single Planting Space associated with one retired Tree Point (that has a removal Work Order) and one active Tree Point.  User guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PVPWFi-WExkG3rvnagQDoBbqfsGzxCKNmR6n678nUeU/edit?usp=sharing  Data dictionary: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yMfZgcsrvx9M0b3-ZdEQ3WCk2dFxgitCWytTrJSwEAs/edit?usp=sharing
Strategic Measure_Aggregated Sidewalk Construction Data
This dataset shows new sidewalk added to the City of Austin's network by calendar year.  Data in this table is limited to the full purpose jurisdiction of the City of Austin as of publication date.  Sidewalk construction comes from many sources, including but not limited to the City of Austin, counties, state agencies, and private developers.  Existing data does not support separating out city and non-city construction.  This dataset supports the SD23 performance measure M.C.6a: Percent of missing sidewalks completed.  Detailed sidewalk segment data is available in the dataset Strategic Measure_Sidewalk Segment Data.   View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Percentage-of-Missing-Sidewalk-Network-Completed/ffkw-wkiv/
NYPD Shooting Incident Data (Historic)
List of every shooting incident that occurred in NYC going back to 2006 through the end of the previous calendar year.  This is a breakdown of every shooting incident that occurred in NYC going back to 2006 through the end of the previous calendar year. This data is manually extracted every quarter and reviewed by the Office of Management Analysis and Planning before being posted on the NYPD website. Each record represents a shooting incident in NYC and includes information about the event, the location and time of occurrence. In addition, information related to suspect and victim demographics is also included. This data can be used by the public to explore the nature of shooting/criminal activity. Please refer to the attached data footnotes for additional information about this dataset.
2018 EIA Residential Rates
The U.S. Energy Information Administration complies this calendar-year data to show a comparison for residential rates. Source: Form EIA-861 2018 Data.
Missouri Department of Revenue Driver and Motor Vehicle License Offices
Listing of offices providing driver licensing and motor vehicle services to Missourians and are operated by individuals or businesses approved through the state of Missouri bid process.    Every attempt has been made to assure the accuracy of these listings; however, last-minute office transitions may not be reflected in this information. For additional motor vehicle and driver license office information, please see the latest Department of Revenue news releases.
Atenciones en Urgencias - Municipio de Medellín 2015
Fuente de información que registra las atenciones realizadas en el servicio de Urgencias a personas residentes en el municipio de Medellín, por año, Código entidad Administradora, Nombre entidad administradora, Tipo de Usuario, Edad, Unidad de Medida de edad, Sexo, Cód depto, Cód Mun, Zona de Residencia, Código del Prestador, Nombre del Prestador, Causa externa, Cód dx Principal salida, Nombre del DX.  Fuente: RIPS, Registro Individual de Prestación de Servicios en Salud. Procesado por la Unidad de Gestión de la Información y el Conocimiento, Secretaría de Salud de Medellín. P: Cifras preliminares.
Consolidado-general-activos-de-informacion 2018
Es el inventario de la información pública que el sujeto obligado genere, obtenga, adquiera, transforme o controle en el ejercicio de sus funciones
NIST-Number of firms receiving in-depth technical assistance from MEP centers.
Number of client firms receiving services from MEP centers where those services were substantial and essential and therefore could reasonably be assumed to have directly or entirely led to the impacts reported through the MEP client survey.
BB FY15 REC MCGStats Visual
This dataset describes Montgomery County in the About Montgomery Page
Sustainability B
Mount Pleasant has committed to dedicating a minimum of 10% of all annual budgeted expenditures towards capital investment. This dataset shows the current funding level for capital investment, as well as the annual budgeted expenditures and minimum funding level.
BHO MH Engagement in Care: 2010-2014
The Behavioral Health Organization (BHO) initiative oversees the transition to managed care for Medicaid recipients who receive mental health (MH) and substance use disorder (SUD) services in New York State. The metrics emphasize improving rates of timely follow-up treatment post discharge, timely filling of appropriate medication prescriptions post discharge, and reducing rates of readmission.The BHO MH Engagement in Care dataset is designed to assess the degree to which individuals discharged from mental health inpatient treatment engage in outpatient treatment post discharge where "engagement" is defined as receiving two or more outpatient mental health visits within thirty days of discharge and the degree to which individuals discharged from mental health inpatient treatment engage in outpatient treatment post discharge where "engagement" is defined as receiving four or more outpatient mental health visits within 60 days of discharge.  The year 2015 saw the conclusion of the first phase of the Behavioral Health Organization initiative  (BHO). A new Behavioral Health Managed Care Transition phase II is underway. The data contained in  the BHO metrics span 2010 to 2014, using the 2010 calendar year for a baseline. Earlier in the program  (2011‐2012) the metrics were calculated quarterly and on a year‐to‐date basis, later in (2013‐2014),  New York State Office of Mental Health opted for semi‐annual and year‐to‐date aggregations.
Barrios y Veredas  del Municipio de Cubarral
Listado de  barrios y las veredas del Municipio de Cubarral Meta.
Translate Brochures
At least 50% of brochures in circulation and developed by the Health Education Section will be translated into the threshold languages of the county by June 30, 2020.
Muertes accidentales, casos y tasas 2018
Muertes accidentales, casos y tasas 2018
Provider of Services File - OTHER - September 2015
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV). The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly.   For more information go to: http://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Downloadable-Public-Use-Files/Provider-of-Services/index.html
Mill Rates for 2019 Fiscal Year
A mill is equal to $1.00 of tax for each $1,000 of assessment. To calculate the property tax, multiply the assessment of the property by the mill rate and divide by 1,000. For example, a property with an assessed value of $50,000 located in a municipality with a mill rate of 20 mills would have a property tax bill of $1,000 per year.  Local property tax mill rates have been set for individual Connecticut municipalities for fiscal year 2018-2019. These rates are based upon the 2017 grand list and are available below. These are the most current mill rates and are reflected in each municipality's July 2018 tax bills.
Case Rates by Race/Ethnicity
Distribution of confirmed COVID-19 cases by race/ethnicity among Berkeley residents through the end of the last month.
DPW Street & Sidewalk Evaluation Results, 7-1-2013 to Present
The Controller's Office's City Services Auditor (CSA) Division has worked with the Department of Public Works (DPW) to develop maintenance standards for streets and sidewalks and schedules and inspect for compliance since July 2004. This data file contains street and sidewalk evaluation results since 7/1/2013 under the new FY12 standards.  Older evaluation results are also available on DataSF but are not comparable due to changes in the way the standards are calculated.You can also access the annual reports in PDF at "Street Maintenance" section of http://sfcontroller.org/index.aspx?page=49
Missouri State Government Job Openings
Listing of job openings in Missouri state government
Healthcare Facility Plans
Heatlhcare Facility Plan Reviews by Pinellas County Emergency Management
Female Active Duty Military Personnel, Officers and Enlisted, 1945-2015
NOTE: 2001-2013 enlisted totals include "cadets-midshipmen" so officer+enlisted=total. This may not be the correct assumption, but the historical tables only have "officer" and "enlisted" totals.
Median Chattanooga Income - Sex
Median Chattanooga income from 2011 - 2017. Data from ACS.
Índice de información clasificada y reservada
Contiene la relación de activos de información calificados como clasificados o reservados. Que es un instrumento de información requerido al objeto obligado(Alcaldía) por el Decreto reglamentario 1081 de 2015.
CAT Charges To Other
CAT Charges To Other
Shelter Count
Shelter Count
MBDA Locations
The mission of the Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA) is to foster the growth and global competitiveness of U.S. businesses that are minority-owned. MBDA serves as the only Federal agency dedicated to the establishment, growth and competitiveness of U.S. businesses that are minority-owned.      As a first step in making it easier for minority business owners to access our services, we are providing the information on our centers.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Colpensiones
Es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por Colpensiones, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Memphis 3.0 Planning Districts
Shapefile of Memphis 3.0 planning districts, updated July 2020
Capital Grant Awards 2016
Every year the Manhattan Borough President provides funding in support of various important capital projects throughout Manhattan. This funding is available to city agencies, nonprofit organizations, cultural institutions, and public schools for projects serving New York City purposes.
Activos de información e indice de información reservada y clasificada
Contiene la base de datos relacionada con los registros de información de la entidad y su debida gestión como instrumentos de información, como así mismo determina que de esta información tiene la restricción de clasificada y reservada de acuerdo a los lineamientos establecidos por la norma.
pln_free_frst_fill [test]
Plan Finder dataset pln_free_frst_fill [test], released on 2020-10-22.
High Schools Graduation and Dropout Rates
Graduation and dropout rates for high schools in San Mateo County.
Public Electric Vehicle Charging Stations and Alternative Fuel Stations in Maryland
It takes a lot of fuel to move Marylanders from point “A” to point “B.” The Maryland Energy Administration (MEA) offers incentives to reduce the amount of energy residents expend on travel. This table includes information about electric vehicle charging stations and alternative refueling stations that received funding by MEA as well as those that did not. Data on non-MEA funding projects in Maryland is from the U.S. Department of Energy: http://1.usa.gov/13VN2Vi. For more information on Maryland's transportation programs, visit: http://energy.maryland.gov/Transportation/index.html
$10M Demolition List
This dataset contains a list of the dangerous buildings that are scheduled to be demolished through the $10,000,000 demolition program.     How is this different than the dangerous buildings list? - This is a list of the structures that are being demolished through the $10M program. Additional cases will only be added to the $10M Demolition list for emergency reasons, however as the city discovers new dangerous buildings they will be added to the Dangerous Buildings List.
Ethiopia Pastoralist Areas Resilience Improvement and Market Expansion (PRIME) Project IE--Non-Food Expenditures Last Month
This dataset contains the data describing non-food expenditures over the month prior to the survey collected as part of the baseline survey generated in support of an impact evaluation of the Ethiopia Pastoralist Areas Resilience Improvement and Market Expansion (PRIME) Project.
PERSONAS REGISTRADAS EN EL SISBEN POR VIGENCIA
Contiene el número de personas que se encuentran registradas en la base de, datos del Sisben de la Municipalidad de el Doncello, Caquetá; para las vigencias 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 y 2016
Municipal Courts
Municipal Court jurisdictional boundary polygons within Pierce County (http://www.courts.wa.gov/court_dir/orgs/286.html). Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_municipal_courts.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Estado civil matriculados 2019-1
Estado civil de los estudiantes matriculados para el periodo 2019-1
UBICACIÓN CÁMARAS DE DETECCIÓN ELECTRÓNICA EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO
Las cámaras recopilan videos, fotografías y datos para determinar una posible infracción de tránsito. Estas evidencias son revisadas y analizadas por Agentes de Tránsito, quienes son la única autoridad para la validación de comparendos digitales.  En la actualidad son 15 cámaras que permiten reducir la accidentalidad en diferentes zonas. Las cámaras por exceso de velocidad operan las 24 horas.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of May 2019.</p>
Utah Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2008
Utah Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2008
CORREGIMIENTOS Y VEREDAS MUNICIPIO DE YOTOCO
Aquí podrás encontrar información sobre las divisiones políticas de las zonas de corregimientos y veredas.
Demographic - Population Percent by Sex by County WA
Population estimates for percentage of males and females in an area.(DP05, variables: DP05_0001E, DP05_0002E, DP05_0003E). County and State values are from the ACS 1 Year Survey.
Daily Census Tract-Level Ozone Concentrations, 2011-2015
This dataset provides modeled predictions of ozone levels from the EPA's Downscaler model. Data are at the census tract level for 2001-2005. These data are used by the CDC's National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network to generate air quality measures. Census tract-level datasets contain estimates of the mean predicted concentration and associated standard error. Please refer to the metadata attachment for more information.  Learn more about outdoor air quality on the Tracking Network's website: https://ephtracking.cdc.gov/showAirLanding.action.  By using these data, you signify your agreement to comply with the following requirements: 1. Use the data for statistical reporting and analysis only. 2. Do not attempt to learn the identity of any person included in the data and do not combine these data with other data for the purpose of matching records to identify individuals. 3. Do not disclose of or make use of the identity of any person or establishment discovered inadvertently and report the discovery to: trackingsupport@cdc.gov. 4. Do not imply or state, either in written or oral form, that interpretations based on the data are those of the original data sources and CDC unless the data user and data source are formally collaborating. 5. Acknowledge, in all reports or presentations based on these data, the original source of the data and CDC. 6. Suggested citation: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. National Environmental Public Health Tracking Network. Web. Accessed: insert date. www.cdc.gov/ephtracking.
Residential Care Facilities For The Elderly
Location and capacity information for residential care facilities for the elderly in San Mateo County. Residential Care Facilities for the Elderly (RCFEs)—sometimes called "Assisted Living" or "Board and Care" facilities—are non-medical facilities that provide a level of care that includes assistance with activities of daily living.
Salem City Police Crime Data
Salem City Police Crime data
Community Crime and Disorder Statistics (to be archived)
*Please visit new link for crime statistics data - <a href="https://data.calgary.ca/Health-and-Safety/Community-Crime-Statistics/78gh-n26t">Community Crime Statistics</a> Disorder statistics for 2020 are presently unavailable. When ready, they will also be published as a new dataset*  Data is provided monthly by the Calgary Police Service. This includes both crime and disorder statistics.  Crime count is based on the most serious violation (MSV) per incident.  Violence:  These figures include all violent crime offences as defined by the Centre for Canadian Justice Statistics Universal Crime Reporting (UCR) rules.  Domestic violence is excluded. Break and Enter:   Residential B&E includes both House and ‘Other’ structure break and enters due to the predominantly residential nature of this type of break in (e.g. detached garages, sheds).  B&Es incidents include attempts.  Disorder events consist of Social and Physical disorder. Only public-generated calls are included.  Social disorder includes: Drunk, Disturbance, Indecent Act, Juvenile Complaint, Landlord/tenant, Mental health concern, Neighbor dispute, Party complaint, Prowler, Suspicious person, Threats, Drugs, Noise complaint, Possible gunshots, Unwanted guest/patron, Prostitution, Speeder, Suspicious Auto. Physical disorder includes: Fire, Property damage and Abandoned auto.   **Resident counts are pulled from census data which is collected Apr/May of each year and apply to community crime stats from June of current year to May of the following year.  ex) 2018 Census data applies to June 2018-May 2019 Community Crime stats **
2019-20 Adopted Budget - FTEs
2019-20 Adopted Budget - Full Time Employees (FTEs)
DIRECTORIO SISBEN QUINDIO
directorio de sisben en los municipios del departamento del quindio
Eco Devo Stats
A variety of economic indicators, financial indicators and measurements for the overall health of the economy in Franklin.
Relación Proveedores Gobernación Del Quindio
listado de proveedores de servicios de la gobernación del quindio
Limite De Detección De Metodos Utilizados En El Analisis De Agua
Limite de detección de métodos utilizados en el análisis de agua del área metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Colusa County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Colusa County.
Exceptional Trees On Oahu
City & County exceptional tree database
Contracts
Information about City's authorized spending limit, contract lifetime (called inception-to-date) ordering and spending.  Contracts are visible only while active.  For the purposes of this data set, a contract is a long-term (multi-year) contract for goods and services, and contracts for construction activity. Within the City, these are referred to as Master Agreements and Purchase Contracts.
LAPD Calls for Service 2020
This dataset reflects calls for service incidents in the City of Los Angeles in the year 2020. This data is as accurate as the data in the database. Please note questions or concerns in the comments.
Patient survey (HCAHPS) - State
A list of the state averages for the HCAHPS survey responses. HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
ESTADÍSTICA COBERTURA EDUCATIVA AÑO 2017 AL AÑO 2020
ESTADÍSTICA  COBERTURA EDUCATIVA DE ENERO DEL AÑO 2017 AL MES DE AGOSTO DEL AÑO 2020 DEL DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER
2013 Fish Stocking Information By Lake
2013 Fish Stocking Information By Lake
Fall-related Death Rates per 100,000 Persons Aged 65 Years and Older, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of deaths due to falls per 100,000 adults age 65+    Definition: Deaths with a fall-related injury as the underlying cause (ICD-10 codes: W00-W19)    Data Source:    (1) Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    (2) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development    History:  MAR 2014  - 2020 targets based on 2006-2008 data    MAR 2017  - Baseline year changed from 2006-2008 to 2009-2011  - 2020 targets modified to reflect a 10% improvement over the 2009-2011 baseline for total population and all racial/ethnic groups
New York State Corporate Tax Credits by Major Industry Group: Beginning Tax Year 2001
The Department of Taxation and Finance annually produces a mandated dataset of credit activity under the General Business Corporation Franchise Tax (Article 9‐A) to help analyze the effects of the claims.   The data used to generate this report come from an annual study file based on the latest available data drawn from New York State corporation tax returns.  The totals in the summary datasets may not match the detail datasets due to rounding and disclosure requirements.  The totals in the summary datasets may not match the detail data due to rounding and disclosure requirements.  Total values for numbers of taxpayers and amount of credit, in addition to mean and median credit, were computed using all taxpayers in the study file.    A series of datasets presents profiles of the credits distributed by different subgroupings. These include:  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit and component  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and basis of taxation.  •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and NAICS industry description.    •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and the size of the credit used.    •	Summarization of tax credit activity by credit, component and the size of the entire net income of the taxpayer.      Secrecy provisions preclude providing all subgroupings for all credits and also generally require the omission of credit refund data.  These datasets only contains data for corporate franchise taxpayers filing under Article 9-A. It does not include statistics for taxpayers filing as banks under Article 32 (however, starting in 2015 banks and general business corporations will file under the same tax article, Article 9A), insurance companies filing under Article 33, or taxpayers filing under any of the various sections of Article 9. Nor does it provide data for taxpayers claiming credits under Article 22, the Personal Income Tax.  These taxpayers claim credit by virtue of being sole proprietors or as recipients of credit that originated with flow-through entities (i.e., S corporations, limited liability companies, or partnerships).
178- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics Obj 3.1
Housing and Community Development Performance Metrics Objective 3.1-Positive Counseling  , FY 2019 Proposed Budget.
INVENTARIO ACTIVOS 2016
Inventario de Activos 2016
Daily CO2 Emissions Utah 2000
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Carbon monoxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of August 2018.</p>
Inyo County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Inyo County.
BPD Employee File As Of  10/04/2018
The dataset represents active employees of the Baltimore Police Department.  The demographics include rank, assignment, race, gender, age and years of service among other attributes.  The data is obtained from the agency's Records Management System (RMS) Master Employee Module.
Herbicide Use - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the March Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=219&t=1. Open from March 9 - 17, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2351 Insight Community Members. 1137 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 48%. A total of 1205 respondents completed the survey: 1137 Insight Community Members and 68 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
General Election Results Data
Ramsey County election results by precinct for all general elections from 2008-2016.
Retiree Pensions Annual Benefit Received
Retiree Pension data including the tax year and amount received by member, employee name, member category plan, and retirement date.
Ryan White Service Category Allocations
The Service Category Allocations Report is an annual report  for the Austin HIV Planning Council to assist in making allocation decisions for the Ryan White Part A/ MAI Grant funds. The allocation process is a legislative requirement of Ryan White HIV Part A/MAI Program. Client, units of service, allocations, and expenditures are reported for the most recent five grant years. Data is exported out of  the AIDS Regional Information and Evaluation System (ARIES) software. Reporting years are 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018. For more information on the Ryan White Grants: https://hab.hrsa.gov/about-ryan-white-hivaids-program/about-ryan-white-hivaids-program
Utah Toxic Release Inventory 2002
These files consist of the data fields most frequently requested, including: E-mail iconHave a question? Facility Name, Address, Latitude & Longitude Coordinates, SIC or NAICS codes, Chemical Identification, Classification Information, On-site Release Quantities, Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW) Transfer Quantities, Off-site Transfer Quantities for Release/Disposal, Further Waste Management, Summary Pollution Prevention Quantities ( Section 8 of the Form R )
Traffic Volumes - Provincial Highway System
Traffic volume census on Provincial Highway System
Avance_de_los_procesos_disciplinarios_2018
Avance de los procesos disciplinarios: Medicina Legal 2018
2020 Primary Election Mail Ballot Requests Department of State
This dataset describes a current state of mail ballot requests for the 2020 primary election. It’s a snapshot in time of the current volume of ballot requests across the Commonwealth.
Notificación Individual por Periodos epidemiológicos a diciembre de 2018
Eventos epidemiológicos de salud pública presentados en el Municipio de Flandes - Tolima durante la vigencia 2018
Active Projects Under Construction
<b>Current report not available pending SCA program On Pause.</b>  New school projects (Capacity) and Capital Improvement Projects (CIP) currently under Construction.
SF Development Pipeline 2014 Q4
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Dept of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Case Tracking enterprise databases, processed quarterly.
Licensed Consumer Reporting Agencies in Nova Scotia
Businesses licensed to provide consumer reports for gain or profit
Traffic Crashes - Crashes
Crash data shows information about each traffic crash on city streets within the City of Chicago limits and under the jurisdiction of Chicago Police Department (CPD). Data are shown as is from the electronic crash reporting system (E-Crash) at CPD, excluding any personally identifiable information. Records are added to the data portal when a crash report is finalized or when amendments are made to an existing report in E-Crash. Data from E-Crash are available for some police districts in 2015, but citywide data are not available until September 2017. About half of all crash reports, mostly minor crashes, are self-reported at the police district by the driver(s) involved and the other half are recorded at the scene by the police officer responding to the crash. Many of the crash parameters, including street condition data, weather condition, and posted speed limits, are recorded by the reporting officer based on best available information at the time, but many of these may disagree with posted information or other assessments on road conditions. If any new or updated information on a crash is received, the reporting officer may amend the crash report at a later time. A traffic crash within the city limits for which CPD is not the responding police agency, typically crashes on interstate highways, freeway ramps, and on local roads along the City boundary, are excluded from this dataset.    All crashes are recorded as per the format specified in the Traffic Crash Report, SR1050, of the Illinois Department of Transportation. As per Illinois statute, only crashes with a property damage value of $1,500 or more or involving bodily injury to any person(s) and that happen on a public roadway and that involve at least one moving vehicle, except bike dooring, are considered reportable crashes. However, CPD records every reported traffic crash event, regardless of the statute of limitations, and hence any formal Chicago crash dataset released by Illinois Department of Transportation may not include all the crashes listed here.
Reporte Bienestar Universitario Área Salud por Diagnósticos más consultados
Reporte Bienestar Universitario Área Salud por Diagnósticos más consultados basados en el CIE10
Chicago Population Counts
Population totals for groupings commonly used in other datasets.    Data Sources: U.S. Census Bureau American Community Survey  2018 - 5-year estimates (ZIP Code), 1-year estimates (Citywide)
Utah Toxic Release Spills Inventory 2015-2018 EPA
This data set represents toxic release spills throughout Utah by county, zip code, city & company.  This data also contains the specific toxic chemical released by the employer.   The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) Program at EPA tracks the industrial management of toxic chemicals that may pose a threat to human health and the environment.
Iron County Sheriffs Office Crime Police Data
Iron County Sheriff's Office police & crime data.
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Total Reduced Sulphur (TRS) Hourly Data Pictou
Hourly ambient total reduced sulphur (TRS) data in parts per billion from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.
Base de datos preliminar de personas reportadas como Desaparecidas Enero-Noviembre 2017
Información preliminar sobre personas reportadas como desaparecidas desde el 01 de enero hasta el 30 de noviembre de 2017. Base: Sistema de Información red de Desaparecidos y Cadáveres SIRDEC - consultada el 13 de diciembre de 2017. Mayor información en: http://www.medicinalegal.gov.co/observatorio
Tasa de natalidad y mortalidad - Causas de morbilidad 2018
La Alcaldía Municipal de Anzoátegui, Tolima presenta la tasa de natalidad, mortalidad y las causas de morbilidad del 2018
Sitios turisticos de Sàchica
Sitios turisticos del Municipio de Sàchica que los turistas pueden visitar
151- FY19 Proposed Performance Metrics, Obj. 3.2
Increase percentage of inspections closed.
Pineview Reservoir Average Water Acreage 1977-2019
This data set contains average water acreage for Pineview reservoir fro 1977-2019.  Data is from the US Bureau of Reclamation.
HS Dataset WSU 4-H
4-H is a program that provides experiences where young people learn by doing. Kids complete hands-on projects in areas like health, science, AGRICULTURE and citizenship, in a positive environment where they receive guidance from adult mentors and are encouraged to take on proactive leadership roles.
Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report, Calendar Year 2016
The “Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report”, a supplement to the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Physician and Other Supplier data, contains information on utilization, payments (Medicare allowed amount, Medicare payment, standardized Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by NPI. Sub-totals for medical type services and drug type services are included as well as overall utilization, payment and charges. In addition, beneficiary demographic and health characteristics are provided which include age, sex, race, Medicare and Medicaid entitlement, chronic conditions and risk scores.
Veredas del municipio de Ataco
Veredas del municipio de Ataco Tolima
Instituciones y Sedes Educativas del Municipio de Hobo
Lista de información de todas las instituciones y sedes educativas oficiales del municipio de Hobo (Huila)
Fiscal Year 2014 Budget
This dataset includes the Fiscal Year* 2014 Council-approved operating budget for Montgomery County. The dataset does not include revenues and agency budget information; each agency, such as Montgomery County Public Schools, maintain their individual budget information. The data can be sorted, filtered, and exported by the following elements: Function (grouping, such as “Public Safety”), Department, Program, Cost Center (activity within a program), Fund Type , Fund Subtype, Fund Name, Subfund Name, Personnel & Operating Expenses, Object Name, and Account Name. *The 12-month period to which the annual operating and capital budgets and their respective appropriations apply. The Montgomery County fiscal year starts on July 1st and ends on June 30th. Update Frequency: Annually
EJECUCIÓN GASTOS A OCTUBRE 2019
EJECUCIÓN GASTOS A OCTUBRE 2019
February 2017 Parking Revenue And Sources
Data shows parking revenue by zone, revenue, and transaction type.
RENDIMIENTO EN TONELADAS POR HECTÁREAS EN CULTIVOS DE HORTALIZAS  DEL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2017
RENDIMIENTO EN TONELADAS POR HECTÁREAS EN CULTIVOS DE HORTALIZAS  DEL VALLE DEL CAUCA AÑO 2017
Garbage and Recycling Collections (2010 - Current Year)
Tons of residential garbage and recycling collected yearly curbside and the diversion rate of garbage due to recycling.
Salud -  Porcentaje de Partos Institucionales en el Departamento De Bolívar, de 2010 A 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar el Porcentaje de Partos Atendidos en Instituciones de Salud en Bolívar, por Municipios desde el año 2010 a 2018. Fuente Numerador: Número de partos atendidos en una Institución de Salud - Cubos SISPRO – EEVV - Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social - DANE. Fuente Denominador: Total de nacidos vivos  – Cubos SISPRO – EEVV - Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social - DANE. Forma de Calculo: Numerador/denominador*100.                                                   Nota: *Al numerador y denominador se le resta una vez el número de partos dobles, menos dos veces el número de partos triples, menos tres veces el número de partos cuádruples o más.
Economy - Overall Poverty
Description:  The percentage of the measurable population whose family/individual income is below the federal poverty threshold.    Latest information is available:  https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/16_1YR/S1701/0100000US|0400000US06|0500000US06071
2006 - 2011 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results by Grade - District - All Students
New York City Results on the New York State English Language Arts (ELA) Tests, Grades 3 - 8  Notes:  As of 2006, the New York State Education Department expanded the ELA and mathematics testing programs to Grades 3-8. Previously, state tests were administered in Grades 4 and 8 and citywide tests were administered in Grades 3, 5, 6, and 7.  Starting in 2010, NYSED changed the scale score required to meet each of the proficiency levels, increasing the number of questions students needed to answer correctly to meet proficiency.  In 2007, the New York State Education Department updated its testing policy for English Language Learners: ELLs in an English Language School System for more than one year are required to take the ELA exam. Previously, ELLs in an English Language School System for less than 3 years were exempt from taking the ELA exam.
ESTADÍSTICA MEDIDAS CORRECTIVAS POLICÍA URBANA MUNICIPIO DE LOS PATIOS
Estadística Medidas Correctivas  de Buena Convivencia Aplicación de la Ley 1801 de 2016 de los meses Agosto, Septiembre y Octubre 2019 del Municipio de los Patios.
Archived Construction, Supplies and Services Contracts (2013-2015)
Award data for bids from 2013-2015
Sedes Institución Educ. Gustavo Romero Hernandez
Es un listado de las sedes educativas pertenecientes a la Institución Eductaiva Gustavo Romero Hernández que se encuentran en los sectores rurales del municipio de Tibaná
NOAA - Hurricane forecast intensity error (48 hour)
The public, private sectors, emergency managers, and government institutions at all levels in this country and abroad use NOAA tropical cyclone forecasts to make decisions regarding the protection of life and property. This measure represents the difference between the projected intensity of these storms and the actual intensity in knots (kt) for Atlantic Basin tropical cyclones (i.e., tropical depressions, tropical storms, and hurricanes).   * Annual Hurricane Season begins June 1 and ends November 30. The final values are produced after a verification and validation period.   The measure is validated by computing the average difference (error) for all the 48-hour forecasts occurring during a calendar year. Because tropical cyclones are relatively rare events, this measure can show significant annual volatility. Projecting the long-term trend, and basing out-year goals on that trend, is preferred over making large upward or downward changes to the targets each year.
Propuestas_Comentarios_#ApoyoALasVeedurías
La campaña #ApoyoALasVeedurías invitó a la ciudadanía a conocer y hacer observaciones al plan de acción 2020 de la RED de apoyo a las veedurías ciudadanas
Liquor Stores - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the July 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=417&t=1. Open from July 13 - 21, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3130 Insight Community Members. 1296 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1348 respondents completed the survey: 1296 Insight Community Members and 52 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Feed the Future Mozambique Baseline Population Survey, Non-Food Consumption
The Mozambique Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in two provinces, Zambizia and Nampula. These areas were selected based on national estimates that indicate that the incidence of poverty, malnutrition, and stunting among children less than five years of age is disproportionately high. These provinces are adjacent to three of the country's main trade corridors: Nacala (linking Mozambique to Malawi and Zambia), Beira (linking Mozambique to Zimbabwe), and the N1 (key North-South road connecting Nacala and Beira corridors). This spreadsheet describes non-food consumption by the household.
BENEFICIARIOS QUE NO CRUZARON SIMAT
ase de datos de estudiantes que no Cruzaron SIMAT A continuación encuentra los beneficiarios que NO CRUZARON SIMAT.  Los que NO hayan cruzado (que se encuentran en este listado), deben llevar a la Oficina del Enlace Municipal con la Funcionaria Luz Dary Moreno, el Certificado de Matricula, o si es Bachiller: El Acta o Diploma de Grado, para realizar la novedad.  El plazo máximo para allegar los documentos es hasta el día 30 de mayo de 2019.  Esta base de datos es suministrada por el programa y está actualizada con fecha 6 de mayo de 2019.
Trade Waste Hauler Licensees
Companies listed as of the most recent export date have been issued trade waste removal licenses by the Business Integrity Commission and, therefore, are authorized to collect and remove all types of trade waste covered by Local Law 42 of 1996.    This data is collected on the entities that apply with the commission to operate as Licensees.     Each record represents an entity that is approved to operate in the City of New York by the Commission.     The  Application Type field denotes the class of application 'License'  noting the type of applicant which is a Licensee. They are able to pickup all trade waste from various businesses throughout the city.    The BIC Number field is unique to every company that applies to the Commission.
Currently Licensed Commercial Nuisance Wildlife Control Operators
This dataset contains contact information for commercial Nuisance Wildlife Control Operators (NWCO) currently licensed in New York State. These control operators are licensed by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) Bureau of Fish and Wildlife Services.
Surplus Properties Sold: Beginning 2009
The Surplus Properties Sold dataset contains the method by which properties were sold or transferred by NYS Department of Transportation (DOT) by year, method of disposal, the land area by acres, and the monetary amounts received for such land.
Restaurant Inspections in Tri-County Colorado
Restaruant Inspection data for food service facilities within Adams, Arapahoe, and Douglas counties in Colorado provided by Tri-County Health Department (TCHD).
Parks Inspection Program – Inventory
This dataset contains property features by type and category. Each row represents a single feature.    A complete list of all datasets in the series can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Parks%20Inspection%20Program%20(PIP)&sortBy=alpha">here</a>.
HousingCodeCases_01012011_Current
Housing Code Cases 1/1/2011 to Current. Updated Nightly
2017 Tracts - Households With Mortgage Debt
Number of households with mortgage debt. Data provided by ACS.
Satisfacción global de la E.S.E Hospital San Vicente de Paul Fomeque  del primer trimestre del 2019
Promedio de satisfacción global realizados de la E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque de año 2018 de los municipios de Fómeque, Ubaque, Choachí, se logra evidenciar que se cuenta con un satisfacción del 90.7%, con la pregunta:” ¿recomendaría a sus familiares y amigos esta IPS?
Bills Passed 2012
Bills Passed by 2012 Legislature
Plantas de sacrificio de bovinos y porcinos
Plantas de sacrificio de bovinos y porcinos en Risaralda
CONTRATOS DE ATENCION A LA POBLACION INFANTIL VIGENCIA 2019
Relación de contratos vigencia 2019 para la atención de la población infantil en todo el territorio colombiano en los año comprendido 2018
Census Congressional Districts in Colorado 2018
American Community Survey Census data includes demographics, education level, commute information, and more subset to Colorado by the Department of Local Affairs (DOLA).
Health_6240P_Low Birth Weight_FHS1A
Percent of live births to SMC residents that were low birth weight
CorStat - Police Response Statistics
Calls received by the City of Corona Police Department for service. Data is pulled directly from the CAD-Spillman software system. This system is updated real-time by dispatch and file personnel in the field. <br><br> Update Frequency: Daily <br><br> Data Disclaimer: The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
County Fiber Expansion Measure K
County Fiber Expansion ISD Measure K project  ISDTI
SALT LAKE CITY - POLICE CALLS FOR SERVICE - 2009
POLICE CALLS FOR SERVICE
FY 2011_Q2 Use of VA Education Benefits-Recipients by State
<p>FY 2011 Education Recipients by State (Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). State statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one state, therefore the total within this table may be different than the  total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.</p>
Graduados Programa por Metodología 2018-1
Estadísticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 461 - Major Donor and Independent Expenditure Committee Statement - Part 5 - Contributions (Including Loans, Forgiveness of Loans, and Loan Guarantees) and Expenditures Made
This dataset includes all itemized Contributions (Including Loans, Forgiveness of Loans, and Loan Guarantees) and Expenditures Made ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 461 "Part 5" Contributions (Including Loans, Forgiveness of Loans, and Loan Guarantees) and Expenditures Made from 2009 to the present.The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
Traffic Citation Volume
This spreadsheet contains traffic citation volume data
2015 - Expenditures: State Agencies: Fiscal Year 2015
A list of expenditures for state agencies for Fiscal Year 2015, sorted by Agency Number. For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/expenditures.aspx.
Sign Line Task & Work Order Data
Sign (Task & Work Order) Information from eWork.
Property Standards Dataset
This data comes from the Plano Property Standards Division, within the Department of Neighborhood Services.
State of Vermont Property Transfer Tax System: Town CY2019
This report holds information of property sales by town and property category.  Furthermore, details for total sales, average, and median selling prices of properties for valid sales are reported.  Valid sales represent true market transactions between a willing buyer and seller, excluding straw transfers or sales between members of the immediate family among others.
Matriculados primera vez por programa 2018-1
Estadísticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
ESTABLECIMIENTOS DE COMERCIO 2018
En esta base usted podrá encontrar información e los establecimientos de comercio inscritos en el Municipio de La Unión
Repeat Offender Registrations
This dataset shows a list of properties on Austin Codes Repeat Offender list.  Status is included to indicate if the property is a currently active registered repeat offender.
Parque Automotor activo de servicio particular - DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ
Parque automotor activo de servicio particular matriculado en las sedes de tránsito del Departamento de Boyacá.    Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Utah State Park Visitation Totals 2019
This data set contains Utah state park visitation totals for 2019.  Data is from the Utah Dept of Natural Resources.
Bronx Courthouses
Courthouses in the Bronx. refer to facility types: 2401, 2402
Austin Parks and Recreation Golf Clinics
Free Golf Clinics schedule from the Parks and Recreation Department
COM - Sheriff Recruitment
A look at analytics for the Sheriff's Department Corrections Recruiting Effort
County Managed Fuel Sites
This dataset contains a list of the fueling sites around Montgomery County managed by the Division of Fleet Management Services. This is where government vehicles can get certain types of fuel around the county.  Update Frequency : Annually
Evaluación de tierras con fines agrícolas para el cultivo de café (Coffea arabica L.) en el departamento del Meta. Escala 1:100.000. Diciembre 2018
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicaciónde la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Meta a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 202 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Gobernación de Meta. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de café(Coffea arabica L.). Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de café.
Austin/Travis County Vaccines for Children & Adult Safety-Net Vaccine Provider Locations
This dataset provides the locations of all clinics in Austin/Travis County participating in the Vaccines for Children (TVFC) and Adult Safety Net (ASN) programs administered by Austin Public Health's Immunizations program.  [Networks: ADC - Austin Diagnostic Clinic; APH - Austin Public Health; ARC - Austin Regional Clinic; CPG - Capital Pediatric Group; CSL - Carousel Pediatrics; CUC - CommUnityCare;  IC - Integral Care; LSC - Lone Star Circle of Care; MHC - Medical & Health Clinic; PCC - People's Community Clinic; STN - Seton; TCP - Texas Children's Pediatrics; UTW - University of Texas]  [License Type: FQHC - Federally Qualified Health Care Center; DRUG - Drug treatment center; HIV/STD - AIDS Services Organization Clinic; Private - private medical practice]
Downtown Oakland On-street Parking Inventory
On-street parking inventory for downtown Oakland. Last updated in 2015.
JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL RURALES DEL MUNICIPIO DE RíO DE ORO
Este conjunto de datos, contiene información básica de las Juntas de Acción Comunal de los corregimientos y veredas del Municipio de Río de Oro, Cesar.
Daily Ozone Emissions Utah 2002
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Ozone) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Winter City Design - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the September 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=526&as=7YW63mx6N7&t=1. Open from September 08 - 16, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3516 Insight Community Members. 1477 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 42%. A total of 1637 respondents completed the survey: 1477 Insight Community Members and 160 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Fire Protection Systems Permits
"This dataset contains data for Fire Protection Systems permits including status and work performed.  A fire protection is required for all work involving any fire protection system addition or modification. Permits are required any time that a fire protection system is affected by any sort of work including repair. Update Frequency : Daily"
Wholesale Markets
Dataset notating the approved wholesale market companies in the various markets BIC regulates. Companies as of the most recent export date are authorized to operate as a wholesale market company.    This data is collected on the entities that apply with the Commission to operate as wholesale market companies throughout the City of New York    Each record represents an entity that is approved to operate in the City of New York by the Commission.     The BIC Number field is unique to every company that applies to the Commission. For wholesale market companies, the beginning letters indicate the market for which the company is located:    HPA - Hunts Point Adjacent Area  HPP - Hunts Point Product Market  HPM - Hunts Point Meat Market  FFM - Hunts Point Fulton Fish Market   GMM - Gansevoort Meat Market
Environmental Radiation Surveillance Ginna Station Readings: Beginning 2009
This dataset measures the air, water, milk, fish, sediment, and fruit/veg near Ginna Station and other locations(background) around NYS to determine the normal levels of radioactivity and monitors the influence of human activities on these levels. The site numbers represent the location from which samples are collected. This dataset is not designed, or intended to monitor releases from discharge points at a specific facility (e.g., a stack). The facility operator performs this type of monitoring to meet the requirements of its licensing agency (e.g., a federal agency or the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation). A column has been added for values which can be graphed. Readings where a less than value is displayed show a value that is less than the detection limit of the measurement method and are essentially equivalent to 0. Variations in detection limit are due to variations in sample collection and measurement instrument performance.
Prestadores Registro Nacional de Turismo
La base de datos contiene los prestadores turísticos que tienen registros nacional de turismo en el jurisdicción de la Cámara de Comercio de Valledupar
2015 2016 EMS Transports Final 6 Months
Annual Report on EMS Transports
Modoc County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Modoc County.
Net Position by Category
CAFR Pages 330-331.    Net Position is the difference between the City’s assets and liabilities, including deferred outflows/inflows of resources. This data summarizes Net Position by Activity Types, Asset Type Groups, and Asset Types. This data is based on the following parameters: Accrual Basis of Accounting, Last Ten Fiscal Years and (amounts expressed in thousands).
AGENCIAS DE VIAJE UBICADAS EN TULUA
Listado de agencias de viaje ubicadas en el Municipio de Tuluá. Georeferenciadas
RSBS SMO: Part 2 of 2, New York State Residential Statewide Baseline Study: Single and Multifamily Occupant Telephone or Web Survey
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  This is part 2 (contains: Clothes Washing and Drying; Water Heating; Home Lighting; Pool and Spa; Small Household Appliances; and Miscellaneous Equipment) of 2; part 1 (https://data.ny.gov/d/3m6x-h3qa) contains: Behavior and Demographics; Building Shell; Kitchen Appliances; and Heating and Cooling.  The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), in collaboration with the New York State Department of Public Service (DPS), conducted a statewide residential baseline study (study) from 2011 to 2014 of the single-family and multifamily residential housing segments, including new construction, and a broad range of energy uses and efficiency measures. This dataset includes 2,982 single-family and 379 multifamily occupant survey completes for a total of 3,361 responses. The survey involved 2,285 Web, 1,041 telephone, and 35 mini-inspection surveys. The survey collected information on the following building characteristics: building shell, kitchen appliances, heating and cooling equipment, water heating equipment, clothes washing and drying equipment, lighting, pool and spa equipment, small household appliances, miscellaneous energy consuming equipment, as well as behaviors and characteristics of respondents.
Vendor Payments Calendar Year 2010
A data set of all payments made to vendors in 2010. Checkbook level data. When analyzing this data be aware that the sum amount and voucher are unique amounts, the payment amount is the total of a check. A check often includes more than one voucher. As a result of the Red Flag Commission recommendations, Ordinance 970032 was passed by the City Council Jan. 23, 1997. This ordinance requires the city to publish a report every two weeks listing all city payments
Typical Utility Bill Information Electric: Beginning 2011
Typical average monthly electric bills for residential, commercial and industrial customers.     -Residential customer bills are computed for usages of 0, 250, 500, 750, 3000, and 5000 KWH.   -Commercial customer bills are computed demands, load factors and usages of: - 10 KW, 20%, and 1440 KWH - 10 KW, 30%, and 2160 KWH  - 50 KW, 25%, and 9000 KWH - 50 KW, 35%, and 12600 KWH - 250 KW, 30%, and 54000 KWH - 250 KW, 50%, and 9000 KWH  -Industrial customer bills are computed demands, load factors and usages of: - 500 KW, 40%, and 144000 KWH - 2000 KW, 50%, and 720000 KWH  - 10000 KW, 65%, and 4680000 KWH
Austin Water Statistics
Austin Water updates the following set of key facts and statistics quarterly based on customer and GIS data.
Residuos Sólidos Dispuestos Municipios De Risaralda 2007-2017
Cantidad de residuos sólidos dispuestos en sitios autorizados por los municiios del departamento de Risaralda desde el año 2007 - CARDER
2012 Budget Consultation Survey - Perception Of Taxes
Identify the respondent's perception of what their current share of total tax dollars goes between the three levels of government (including income taxes and property taxes)    D1 to B11 - Demographic information.   B3_0 to B3_2 - percent (what one thinks is the current share )   B4_0 to B4_2 - percent (what one thinks should be the ideal amount)      -  SURVEY at http://www.edmonton.ca/budgetconsultation
Agency Contracts Fiscal Year 2019
This list of agency contracts is published in compliance with RCW 39.26.210.
Department of Building Inspection Permit Addenda with Routing
Construction work at a building site is controlled and scheduled through the permit process by the submission and approval of a series of segmented phased construction plans identified as addenda. Addenda are routed and approved at a set of stations that vary based on the content of the plans being submitted for approval. The number of addenda submitted per permit will vary based on the type and complexity of the project. This dataset contains a row for each step for one or many addenda associated with a permit application. These records can be tied to the building permit dataset at https://data.sfgov.org/d/i98e-djp9 by application number.
2006 - 2011 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results by Grade - District - by English Proficiency Status
New York City Results on the New York State English Language Arts (ELA) Tests, Grades 3 - 8  Notes:  As of 2006, the New York State Education Department expanded the ELA and mathematics testing programs to Grades 3-8. Previously, state tests were administered in Grades 4 and 8 and citywide tests were administered in Grades 3, 5, 6, and 7.  Starting in 2010, NYSED changed the scale score required to meet each of the proficiency levels, increasing the number of questions students needed to answer correctly to meet proficiency.  In 2007, the New York State Education Department updated its testing policy for English Language Learners: ELLs in an English Language School System for more than one year are required to take the ELA exam. Previously, ELLs in an English Language School System for less than 3 years were exempt from taking the ELA exam.
Colorado Information Market Place_Page Views
A month-by-month tally of page views by users of the Colorado Information Marketplace
Resident Vehicles
The data set presents the percentage of the City of Dubuque residents with one or more vehicles (non-descriptive).
PAGO TELEFONÍA , DIRECTORES Y ALCALDE 2019
PAGO TELEFONIA MOVISTAR
Pruebas PCR procesadas de COVID-19 en Colombia (Departamental)
ACCESO GLOBAL: https://infogram.com/1p2x5lgkg3j6mmb0vem76gl1wzfrej5ry5l?live Debido a los ataques que ha recibido la página del INS desde IPs extranjeras, se ha limitado el acceso de manera temporal desde IPs fuera de Colombia.   Corresponde a la información que se ha incorporado al sistema SisMuestras que entró en funcionamiento a partir del 15 de abril de 2020, recopilando y reportando la información que cargan los laboratorios pertenecientes a la red. Los valores acumulados pueden variar de acuerdo con la información histórica que se ajuste. La información cargada corresponde a lo dispuesto por otros actores diferentes al INS, por tal razón, existe la columna de "Procedencia desconocida". Las muestras cargadas en esta columna serán asignadas a sus departamentos una vez se corrobore la información.   Consulte la fe de erratas disponible en la página web del INS sobre COVID-19.
Población Sisbenizada según rango de edades y lugar de asentamiento en Medio Atrato - Chocó
En este conjunto de datos se registran una a una las personas que hasta la vigencia de 2.020 están registradas en la base de datos del SISBÉN, tomando su año de nacimiento, edad, sexo y zona o lugar de ubicación. Esta información es importante para el proceso de caracterización de las personas teniendo en cuenta su asentamiento y rango de edad.
Facilities Management - Closed Cells as of October 14th, 2011
A Chart showing Cook County Department of Corrections -- Closed Cells. A closed cell is unable to house inmates.
BIS - Number of export transactions completed under the new authority of Commerce export licenses and license exceptions.
Export Control Reform (ECR) has moved tens of thousands of items -- mostly parts and components -- from the U.S. Munitions List to the more flexible Commerce Control List. The move has enabled more nuanced distinctions among technologies, destinations, and end users than under the State Department's International Traffic in Arms Regulations. BIS will track shipments of such items made under the Automated Export System.
Colorado Snow Ice Control
CDOT’s maintenance program establishes a target letter grade it expects to achieve for snow and ice control each year. During the winter, CDOT maintenance workers complete surveys to grade their performance using established criteria based on the year’s budget. Higher grades are typically achieved during lower-cost, milder winters.
Consolidado Escenarios
Set de Datos con la Informacion de Escenarios Deportivos Recreativos, Federaciones, Ligas Clubes e Institutos departamentales de recreacion y deporte de la Nacion
Hospital Value- Based Purchasing ( HVBP) - Healthcare- Associated Infections Scores Utah
A list of Utah hospitals participating in the Hospital VBP Program and their performance rates and scores for the Clinical Process of Care HAI measures.
Distribución piramide poblacional Landázuri 2018
Información poblacional del municipio de Landázuri
Atractivos Turisticos De Baranoa
Presentamos lo mejores atractivos turísticos que tiene el municipio de Baranoa
2014 Shared Savings Program (SSP) Accountable Care Organizations (ACO) PUF
2014 SSP ACO PUF - To address the increasing number of requests for SSP ACO data, the Centers for Medicare (CM) has created a standard analytical file that CMS can use to efficiently satisfy these requests. It is the intent of CM to publish the ACO-level public-use file (PUF) that contains ACO-specific metrics as well as summarized beneficiary and provider information for each performance year of the SSP program.
2010 Census Tracts
2010 Census Tract polygons for all of Pierce County, realigned to Pierce County roads, parcels, hydro, railroads, powerlines, etc. Population figures for race, ethnicity, median age, household size, household count, etc were downloaded from the US Census website and joined to this layer. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_census2010_tracts.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Police Incidents 01012005 to Current
This dataset reflects reported incidents of crime (with the exception of sexual assaults, which are excluded by statute) that occurred in the City of Hartford from 2005 to the present, minus the most recent ten days. Data is extracted from the City of Hartford Police Department's CrimeView database on a daily basis. Should you have questions about this dataset, you may contact the Crime Analysis Division of the Hartford Police Department at 860.757.4020 or policechief@Hartford.gov. Disclaimer: These incidents are based on crimes verified by the Hartford Police Department's Crime Analysis Division. The crime classifications may be changed at a later date based upon additional investigation and there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. Therefore, the Hartford Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information and the information should not be used for comparison purposes over time. The Hartford Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate. The Hartford Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of Hartford or Hartford Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the Hartford Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. The unauthorized use of the words "Hartford Police Department", "Hartford Police", "HPD" or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the Hartford Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use. The dataset contains more than 400,000 records/rows of data and cannot be viewed in full in Microsoft Excel. Therefore, when downloading the file, select CSV from the Export menu. Open the file in an ASCII text editor, such as Wordpad, to view and search. To access a list of Hartford Police Department - Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) codes, select the about tab on the right side of this page and scroll down to the attachments and open the PDF document.
CountyStat: Department Goal Pointing
This data set is for pointing the department's headline performance measures and responsive & sustainable leadership measures to the department's page.
Condominium Data Report FY2015
Data for condominium parcels in the City of Cambridge for fiscal year 2015, including sales and building information.  File includes both residential and commercial condominiums. For descriptions of the data fields see the Assessing Data Description attachment.
Subsidios y Contribuciones - EPM - Gas
EPM publica los subsidios y contribuciones desde octubre de 2019 hasta el mes de noviembre de 2020 para el servicio de gas, aplicados al departamento de Antioquia.
Personeros Del Departamento Del  Valle Del Cauca Año 2018
Personeros Del Departamento Del  Valle Del Cauca Año 2018
CDC STATE System E-Cigarette Legislation - Preemption Summary
1995-2020. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System. E-Cigarette Legislation – Preemption. The STATE System houses current and historical state-level legislative data on tobacco use prevention and control policies. Data are reported on a quarterly basis. Data include information related to summary state preemption of more stringent or differing local laws on smokefree indoor air, youth access and licensure that are applicable to e-cigarettes.
Evanston Divvy Monthly Metrics
Participation, usage and impact of the Divvy Bike Share System in Evanston on a monthly basis. System-wide metrics are available on a bi-annual basis at https://www.divvybikes.com/system-data. Information on the Divvy Bike Share System in Evanston is available at https://www.divvybikes.com/expansion/evanston.
2015 Live Well San Diego Indicators Upload
Variation in city estimates with corresponding SRA estimates may differ due to geographic boundaries and variation in population distribution. * Due to statistical instability, the SRA estimate was used.
Puntos de atención de Servicios Migratorios
Ubicación de las Regionales, Puestos de Control Migratorio, Centros Facilitadores de Servicios Migratorios y Nivel Central de Migración Colombia en el territorio nacional
Employee Compensation
<strong>A. SUMMARY</strong> The San Francisco Controller's Office maintains a database of the salary and benefits paid to City employees since fiscal year 2013.    <strong>B. HOW THE DATASET IS CREATED</strong> This data is summarized and presented on the Employee Compensation report hosted at http://openbook.sfgov.org, and is also available in this dataset in CSV format.  <strong>C. UPDATE PROCESS</strong> New data is added on a bi-annual basis when available for each fiscal and calendar year.  <strong>D. HOW TO USE THIS DATASET</strong> Before using please first review the following two resources: Data Dictionary - Can be found in 'About this dataset' section after click 'Show More' Employee Compensation FAQ - https://support.datasf.org/help/employee-compensation-faq
Normativa Nacional - Presidencia de la República
Registro de la normas con sanción presidencial, publicadas en el sitio web de la presidencia de la república a partir del 1 de enero de 2016.
PCHEES Dashboard - Success Beyond Pre-College
Percentage of students who complete college level Math or English courses after taking pre-college Math or English courses (or both).  Because this metric calculates success based on enrollment in math or English courses within two academic years of taking a pre-college course, more recent academic years will not have data.
Juegos Operados por Internet
Los Juegos online son una operación en línea y tiempo real para realizar apuestas en: máquinas, ruleta, black jack, bacarrat, bingo, poker.    Adicionalmente se podrán hacer apuestas en todos los deportes como fútbol, tenis, ciclismo y eventos no deportivos como clima, reinados y videojuegos. Dentro de estas apuestas podrás apostar quién será el ganador de un partido, cuantos goles va a hacer tu equipo o jugador favorito, si la selección de tu preferencia es el campeón de un evento deportivo como el Mundial de Fútbol, si clasifica a la segunda fase del evento, o quién será el primer jugador en cobrar un tiro de esquina en un encuentro, entre otras categorías
Directorio de Escuelas Privadas K-12 con Matrícula por Grado, Puerto Rico, Año Académico 2017-18
Directorio con la información contacto de las instituciones privadas de educación pre-escolar, elemental y secundaria en Puerto Rico para el año académico 2017-18. El mismo incluye: nombre del director ejecutivo, dirección postal y física, número de teléfono, correo electrónico y dirección de página web. En adición, incluye el número de estudiantes matriculados por grado académico y el total de estudiantes matriculados por institución durante el año 2017-18.
Report Card Dual Language
This file includes Report Card Dual Language data for the 2016-17 through 2019-20 school years. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes programmatic information, including language of instruction, program design, program model, dual language programming grade span, and dual language education websites. Please review the notes below for more information.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS104
Driver Feedback Sign DFS104  Latitude: 53.52143 Longitude: -113.45936  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
2016 Combined Daily Monorail Ridership
Data set tracking the total Monorail ridership for each day of 2016.
Prescription Drug Drop Off (2014 - Current Year)
Amount of drugs collected, in pounds, from eleven drop boxes located throughout the City of Naperville. One at each of the ten fire stations and an additional drop box in the main lobby of the police station.
Mentoring Program
A total of 70 unduplicated mentees will have enrolled in the Mentoring Program by June 30, 2021.
FY20 MMR Goals and Services
Goals and services for agencies as defined by the Mayor's Management Report (MMR)
New Business List - August
Businesses registered with the Secretary of State Corporation Division during the month of August.  Update 10/09/20
Sistemas de Información Cultural del Municipio de Chía 2016
Información del  Sistemas de Información Cultural del Municipio de Chía 2016
Citywide Minority and Women-Owned Business Enterprise (MWBE) Spend by Fiscal Year
This dataset shows the percent of eligible city expenditures spent with certified minority and women owned business enterprises (MWBE) by fiscal year. Please note that we updated the process for calculating this number in FY18. A comprehensive breakdown of MWBE spend by division is available for years FY16 and forward in the Data Catalog.
Sonoma County Construction Permits
Construction Permit application information in unincorporated Sonoma County parcels for the past 48 months.
Iowa Unemployment Compensation Fund Status - Contribution Rate Distribution
Employer contribution rates In Iowa can range from 0.0% to 9.0% depending on an individual employer's benefit experience and the rate table in effect.     This dataset summarizes UI contribution rate data for both private experienced rated employers and firms receiving a new employer rate by rate year.
Estadísticas Defunciones Primer Semestre 2019 de Candelaria Valle
Contiene el listado de las personas fallecidas y retiradas de la base de datos del Sisben del primer semestre del año 2019.
Resoluciones de carácter general emitidas por la CRA
Resoluciones de carácter general emitidas por la Comisión de Regulación de Agua Potable y Saneamiento Básico - CRA, a partir de 2015. La frecuencia de actualización es mensual siempre que se se generen resoluciones con dicha frecuencia.
Beach Water Quality
Contains results of weekly water samples collected at beaches in Marin County, CA.  The weekly samples are collected and analyzed for Total Coliform, E. coli, and Enterococcus bacteria. Advisories are posted at a beach when a recreational standard for these indicator organism is exceeded.     Weekly results are published each year starting in April and continuing through October.  Sample results in this dataset start with the week of May 29, 2017.    If a sample result is labeled "N/A" it means that no results are available from the beach location that week.
ED Tourism 2019 LTAC Allocations
2019 Lodging Tax funding categories as determined by the Pierce County Lodging Tax Board.
EJECUCION PRESUPUESTAL DE GASTOS DICIEMBRE 2019
Su objetivo es evaluar la ejecución presupuestal de gastos de la entidad para el periodo señalado, generados en el desarrollo de su propia actividad y detallados de acuerdo al presupuesto aprobado por el CODFIS. El Presupuesto de Gastos de las Empresas Industriales y Comerciales del Estado  se clasifican en Gastos de Funcionamiento, Gastos de Operación, Servicio de la Deuda y Gastos de Inversión •	GASTOS DE FUNCIONAMIENTO Son las apropiaciones necesarias para el normal desarrollo de las actividades administrativas y de apoyo. Comprende los servicios personales, los gastos generales y las transferencias. •	GASTOS DE PERSONAL: Son todas aquellas erogaciones para atender el pago del personal vinculado en planta o a través de contrato. Incluye el pago de las prestaciones económicas, los aportes a favor de las instituciones de seguridad social privada y pública, en los términos de las disposiciones legales vigentes. Estos Gastos de Personal se clasifican en Servicios Personales Asociados a la Nómina, Servicios Personales Indirectos y Aportes Patronales al Sector Privado y Público. •	GASTOS GENERALES:	Son los gastos relacionados con la adquisición de bienes y servicios necesarios para que la empresa cumpla con las funciones asignadas por la constitución y la ley; y con el pago de los impuestos y multas a que está sometida legalmente. TRANSFERENCIAS: Son recursos que transfieren las empresas a entidades públicas, nacionales e internacionales, con fundamento en un mandato legal, que no constituyen una contraprestación en bienes y servicios.  De igual forma, involucra las apropiaciones destinadas a la previsión y seguridad social, cuando la empresa asume directamente la atención de la misma.
Utah Occupational Employment And Wages Data By Job
The Occupational Employment Statistics (OES) program produces employment and wage estimates annually for over 800 occupations. These estimates are available for the nation as a whole, for individual States, and for metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas; national occupational estimates for specific industries are also available.
Fire Permits
Information on Fire Permits issued by the Fire Department for a particular location. Key fields include Permit Number, Permit Type, Address, Permit Start Dt, Permit Status, Special Conditions, Location.
Entidades Acreditadas SIIA
Conjunto de datos de entidades acreditadas para dictar el curso básico de economía solidaria.
LA Express Park Project Area
Current and upcoming neighborhoods of the LA Express Park Project. Updated as new project areas come online.
EJECUCIÓN PRESUPUESTAL DE EGRESOS JUNIO 2020
ejecución presupuestal de gastos hasta junio 30 de 2020
DESERCIÓN ACADÉMICA PRIMER SEMESTRE - 2018 - UPTC
Deserción Académica Primer Semestre del 2018 de la UPTC
Parks & Conservation Traffic Counters
This data has been collected from traffic counters from popular park reserve trails.
2016-2017 EMS Transport Final - 6 Month/Date of Birth/Race/IEP
Statistics on EMS transports for six month period of January 1, 2017 - June 2017, as well as a full year of statistics by IEP, Race, Birth year.
Flow Monitoring Sites
GPS'd point locations of flow monitoring equipment within unincorporated Pierce County that are utilized and maintained by Pierce County Surface Water Management. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbswm_flow_monitoring_sites.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Georeferenciacion Establecimientos Educativos Municipio de Pasto  a 06/02/2018
Georeferenciacion de Establecimientos Educativos Municpio de Pasto Zona urbana y rural
2012-2013 Grants Reports
The Department of Finance and Management is required by 32 VSA §313 and §314 to publish an annual report of federal grants issued by all State of Vermont agencies and departments. 32 VSA §314 expands the requirement to include all grants issued beginning with the SFY 2014 report due in January, 2015. In state fiscal year 2012, the Department of Finance and Management began a pilot program to include non-federal grants in its grants database. The department expects that by SFY 2014 the database will be complete, but until then, the data may not include all non-federal grants issued during the report year. Types of grant awards included in the Pilot Program: * Grant was issued/executed during the state fiscal year (may not include 100% of grants issued) * Federally funded grants * Non-federal portion of federally funded grants, where applicable * Non-federally funded grants (those funded with General, Special, Global Commitment or Other funds) * Grants between State of Vermont agencies Award Amounts: These funds have been awarded (authorized) by a State of Vermont department to the grantee during the report year. This funding may or may not have been expended or received by the grantee during that year. In the case of multi-year grants, the grant award is included during the year in which the grant was originally issued, and will not be included each year for the duration of the award. If a grant is subsequently amended, it will not be updated in this report.  2012 Report includes grants issued, executed and/or entered by departments, as part of a pilot program, into the State's VISION grants module during SFY 2012  Note:  Awards with an amount of $99,999 have not been finalized.  These awards have been issued but their final amounts are pending FEMA review.  Revised report reflects grants awarded in 2012 but that were subsequently revised.  These are primarily FEMA grants previously reported with award amounts of $99,999.
2006 - 2012 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results - Citywide - All Students
Latest available data and trends in the state assessment results of English Language Arts for grades 3 through 8.
Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (HOPWA) Iowa Allocations
This dataset includes Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (HOPWA) 2017-2018 Iowa Allocations.
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2006 Q4
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2006 Q4
Census Places
471 California Cities powering https://california-auditor.connect.socrata.com
Stanley A Milner Library - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the June 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=325&t=1. Open from June 08 - 16, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2834 Insight Community Members. 1297 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 46%. A total of 1396 respondents completed the survey: 1297 Insight Community Members and 99 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
CONTRATOS Y CONVENIOS DE EDUCACIÓN 2016 - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
Listado de contratos y convenios suscritos por la Secretaría de Educación, Alcaldía Mayor de Tunja,  enero a mayo 2016
Centros poblados de puerto Boyacá, Boyacá
División politico administrativa del municipio de Puerto Boyacá, Boyacá, teneindo en cuenta los corregimientos, las veredas y los centros poblados del municipio.
WAOFM - Legislative Districts - Table 1: Census 2010 Population and Housing
Census 2010 population and housing for legislative districts based on Washington State Redistricting Commission plan L-JOINTSUB_3-2 as amended by Engrossed House Concurrent Resolution 4409.
2018 General Election Voting Rate by City Data
This dataset shows the 2018 general election voting rate in each city within Ramsey County.
Hamilton County Health Department COVID-19 Data
Updated daily from the Hamilton County Health Department.  Data downloaded from Houser, Jesse A. “Hamilton County, Tennessee COVID-19 Dataset.” COVID-19 in Hamilton County, TN, 2020, sites.google.com/view/hamiltoncounty-tn-covid19/data
Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan: Section 3
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the third spreadsheet of six in the Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan.
Asesoría Social Familias en Acción Red Unidos - Armenia Es Un Jardín
“Armenia Es Un Jardín”  Objetivo: Construir ciudadanía corresponsable e intervenir formalmente zonas verdes públicas con la participación de la comunidad y el ciudadano respectivo para un generoso futuro de los espacios públicos.
City of Mesa Population
2010-2019 based on US Census American Community Survey (ACS) 1-year estimates available at https://data.mesaaz.gov/d/n5gn-m5c3. Population estimates for 2020-2025 based on Maricopa County Association of Governments (MAG) estimates found at https://www.azcommerce.com/oeo/population/population-projections/. IMPORTANT NOTE: US Census population estimates for 2019 exceeded MAG projections for 2020. Following the FBI's formula, the 2020 projection is calculated by taking the 2019 US Census population estimate and adding the average growth rate since 2010 to that number (517,981 + (Average Estimated Growth Rate x 517,981).
Slover Library Creative Studios
This dataset details the number, duration and type of appointments that are made at the Slover Library Creative Studios. This dataset will enable users to learn about the equipment, facilities and services available to patrons.  Additionally, users can learn how many hours patrons use the equipment, facilities and services as well as which are the most requested.     This dataset will be updated monthly.
Crisis Intervention Team Actions
The Crisis Intervention Team (CIT) trains police officers on interacting with people in crisis.  Sometimes these interactions occur during other police activity, but many times they are during contact that does not result in a police report.  The "CIT Form" collects information about the person in crisis, and is used to track contact with individuals over time - so that during later interactions with the same person the officers are aware of the person's crisis history.  The rows of this dataset are the information collected from those interactions.  The dataset is anonymized in two ways: the report numbers and the person identifiers are both replaced with simple numbers.  IMPORTANT: the report numbers are unique, but the person numbers repeat if one person had multiple interactions.
Activos Información UFPS Ocaña
Activos de Información de la Universidad Francisco de Paula Santander Ocaña
Ejecución Presupuestal - MinEnergía
Es la información oportuna, confiable y actualizada sobre el comportamiento de la ejecución presupuestal tanto de Funcionamiento como de Inversión, incluyendo los rubros más representativos del presupuesto asignado al Ministerio de Minas y Energía.
NB Births By Weight And Gestational Age 1980-2018 / Naissances au N.-B. selon la durée de la grossesse et le poids 1980-2018
New Brunswick Births by Weight and Gestational Age 1980-2018 / Naissances au Nouveau-Brunswick selon la durée de la grossesse et le poids 1980-2018
DEQ Director's Recruitment
DEQ invites the public to provide questions for the director's recruitment finalists from Friday, 1/20/17 until 3 p.m. on Monday, Jan. 23, 2017. These questions will be collected and compiled by DEQ staff for the EQC to consider as part of its engagement process. Comment submitted outside this time will not be considered.
NCHS - Natality Measures for Females by Race and Hispanic Origin: United States
This dataset includes live births, birth rates, and fertility rates by race of mother in the United States since 1960.   Data availability varies by race and ethnicity groups. All birth data by race before 1980 are based on race of the child. Since 1980, birth data by race are based on race of the mother. For race, data are available for Black and White births since 1960, and for American Indians/Alaska Native and Asian/Pacific Islander births since 1980. Data on Hispanic origin are available since 1989. Teen birth rates for specific racial and ethnic categories are also available since 1989. From 2003 through 2015, the birth data by race were based on the “bridged” race categories (5). Starting in 2016, the race categories for reporting birth data changed; the new race and Hispanic origin categories are: Non-Hispanic, Single Race White; Non-Hispanic, Single Race Black; Non-Hispanic, Single Race American Indian/Alaska Native; Non-Hispanic, Single Race Asian; and, Non-Hispanic, Single Race Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander (5,6). Birth data by the prior, “bridged” race (and Hispanic origin) categories are included through 2018 for comparison.  SOURCES  NCHS, National Vital Statistics System, birth data (see https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/births.htm); public-use data files (see https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data_access/VitalStatsOnline.htm); and CDC WONDER (see http://wonder.cdc.gov/).  REFERENCES  1. National Office of Vital Statistics. Vital Statistics of the United States, 1950, Volume I. 1954. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/vsus/vsus_1950_1.pdf.  2. Hetzel AM. U.S. vital statistics system: major activities and developments, 1950-95. National Center for Health Statistics. 1997. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/misc/usvss.pdf.  3. National Center for Health Statistics. Vital Statistics of the United States, 1967, Volume I–Natality. 1969. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/vsus/nat67_1.pdf.  4. Martin JA, Hamilton BE, Osterman MJK, et al. Births: Final data for 2015. National vital statistics reports; vol 66 no 1. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2017. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr66/nvsr66_01.pdf.  5. Martin JA, Hamilton BE, Osterman MJK, Driscoll AK, Drake P. Births: Final data for 2016. National Vital Statistics Reports; vol 67 no 1. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2018. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nvsr/nvsr67/nvsr67_01.pdf.  6. Martin JA, Hamilton BE, Osterman MJK, Driscoll AK, Births: Final data for 2018. National vital statistics reports; vol 68 no 13. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2019. Available from: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr68/nvsr68_13.pdf.
Saravena Arauca Predios Avaluó Estrato Estado Área 2018
Información básica de todos los predios del municipio Activos con datos como la ficha catastral, clase de predio, estrato, avalúo de la vigencia, estado actual y el área construida.
LASAN: Number of Catch Basins Cleaned
Catch Basins cleaned is reported monthly by LA Sanitation.  Fiscal year runs July - June.
Art in DOE buildings
List of art, artist, medium and DOE building that the art is located in schools.
Stanislaus County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Stanislaus County.
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2011
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2011
Percent Change in Property Value by Location 2019-2020_public
This dataset outlines the percent changes in Aggregate Estimated Market Values by Location (City of Saint Paul vs Suburbs) from 2019 to 2020
Hoteles y restaurantes en Chiscas
En el municipio de Chiscas Boyacá, la base de su economía es la ganadería y la agricultura. Se abre paso la implementación del turismo rural comunitario,  por su variada geografía, sitios históricos, tradiciones y diversidad ecológica con que cuenta la población. Por tanto es importante dar a conocer la oferta hotelera para que los visitantes puedan acceder a ellos.
Guatemala Maternal health and Sanitation Data: Section 2
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the second spreadsheet of sixin the Guatemala Maternal health and Sanitation Data.
Provider of Services File - CLIA - September 2014
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV). The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly.    Two data issues in the CLIA POS file have been resolved as of the 2nd Quarter 2016 file. The data issues occurred in CLIA POS files starting with the 2nd Quarter 2011 file through 1st quarter 2016.    Data Issue 1: Incorrect Certificate Data  Certificate data in the CLIA POS file should always come from the lab's current effective certificate. Due to a sorting issue, certificate data from a lab's pending or historical certificates were used and the lab's current effective certificate data was not used.    Fields   SHORT DESCRIPTION               LEN START END TYPE  Application Type Code           1   475   475 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of CLIA certificate applied for by a laboratory.  SAS Name: APLCTN_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: APLCTN-TYPE-CD    CLIA Certificate Effective Date 8   478   485 DATE  Description: Start date of the certificate.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_EFCTV_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-EFCTV-DT    CLIA Certificate Mailed Date    8   486   493 DATE  Description: Date the certificate was generated for mailing.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_MAIL_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-MAIL-DT    CLIA Certificate Type Code      1   494   494 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of certificate issued to the laboratory, based on  the application type code.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-TYPE-CD    CLIA Termination Code           2   529   530 VARCHAR2  Description: Identifies a laboratory's active or terminated status.  If terminated, identifies the reason.  SAS Name: CLIA_TRMNTN_CD  COBOL Name: CLIA-TRMNTN-CD      Data Issue 2: Labs Never Certified Included in POS  CLIA providers that have never paid nor received a CLIA certificate should not be included in CLIA POS.
Children's Services Data
Participant data for children participating in Children's Services programs. Cells with numbers smaller than six were removed to protect individual privacy.  Out-of-home placement data are for Child Protection placements only.
FM- Permit Types
The various types of permits issued by the Fire Marshal's Office
Labor Force Commuting Mode Split: 1990, 2000, 2006 - 2010, and 2012 - 2016
This data set compares 1990, 2000, 2006 - 2010, and 2012-16 Journey to Work data, outlining the modes of commuting for the Labor Force of the City of Cambridge, regardless of workplace location. The data set originates from three sources: 1990 Journey to Work data supplied to the Massachusetts Central Transportation Planning Staff by the Census Bureau, a special tabulation of 2000 Decennial Census data - the 2000 Census Transportation Planning Products (CTPP), and the two most recent versions of the CTPP compiled from the American Community Survey. The Cambridge Labor Force consist of all Cambridge residents who work or who are currently seeking work, regardless of workplace location.  For more information on Journey to Work data in Cambridge, please see the 2015 report: https://www.cambridgema.gov/~/media/Files/CDD/FactsandMaps/profiles/moving_forward_20150930.ashx?la=en).
Administrativo por contrato por centro de costo 2019-2
Oficina o Dependencia a la que pertenecen los Administrativos por contrato en el periodo 2019-2
Mobile App - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the July 2014 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=46&t=1. Open from July 08 - 20, 2014. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 846 Insight Community Members. 662 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 78%. A total of 705 respondents completed the survey: 662 Insight Community Members and 43 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Food for Peace Program Nepal, annual beneficiary dataset fiscal year 2018
Data collected at the end of fiscal year 2018 to assess program progress in the far-west and mid-west regions of Nepal. The data set was generated by interviewing a sample of the program participants in all 14 working districts. Topics of the survey include nutrition, water, sanitation, hygiene, alternative livelihoods and governance.
Tree Permit Data
Approved tree permits from Jan. 1, 2010 to Feb. 9, 2018
Casos que han salido del PAN
Casos que han salido del PAN por Ingresos o Recursos.
Free or Reduced Price Lunch Data
Dataset showing the percent of students eligible for free or reduced-price lunch at school.
Housing Units in Iowa by Occupancy Status (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains Iowa housing unit estimate by occupancy status for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B25002.  Occupancy Status includes: Total, Vacant, and Occupied.
Clean Burning Wood Stove Grants
To help Maryland homeowners invest in clean energy, the Maryland Energy Administration provides grants for clean burning wood stoves that displace electric, non-natural gas fossil fuel heating systems or old wood stoves.    More information is available on the program's website at: http://energy.maryland.gov/Residential/woodstoves/
2010 State Employee Pay
Pay Information for calendar year 2010 for the employees of the State of Missouri by their Agency of employment, Position Title or Employee name.
Median Class Size Grades K-6 By District 2008
Median Class Size Grades K-6 By District 2008
COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loans (EIDL) Recipients in Colorado
EIDL recipients from the US SBA, subset to the state of Colorado.
DCFS Caseload Statistics
The Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS) provides services to over 30,000 children in any given month. The data provided herein represents two 'snapshots' of the department’s caseload as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2018. Only the most basic information is included for statistical purposes. Names and specific locations are not provided. As an extra precaution, if fewer than 20 records were found in a given ZIP Code, those records having that ZIP Code were not included in this table. ZIP Codes with a value of '0' means we don't know the ZIP code, possibly due to homelessness.More information on this dataset is available in the attached caseload_dec_2018_current_zip.pdf. Locations of the geographic center of the ZIP Code stated in the CURRENT_ZIP field were provided for analytical purposes. GIS polygons used to compute geographic center locations were provided by Esri (https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=8d2012a2016e484dafaac0451f9aea24).
Waste Management, Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRAInfo)
RCRAInfo is an information system constructed and maintained by EPA to support the national hazardous waste program as defined by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA). The system is used by States and Regional/Headquarter EPA, to gain insight into the management of the hazardous waste program at both the state and national level.   Hazardous waste information is contained in the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act Information (RCRAInfo), a national program management and inventory system about hazardous waste handlers. In general, all generators, transporters, treaters, storers, and disposers of hazardous waste are required to provide information about their activities to state environmental agencies. These agencies, in turn pass on the information to regional and national EPA offices. This regulation is governed by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), as amended by the Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984.   The public may use the RCRAInfo Search to determine identification and location data for specific hazardous waste handlers, and to find a wide range of information on treatment, storage, and disposal facilities regarding permit/closure status, compliance with Federal and State regulations, and cleanup activities.
Sedes De La Alcaldía Municipal de Candelaria Valle.
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados los puntos de atención al ciudadano de la Alcaldía Municipal tanto como en la cabecera municipal y en el área rural.
Percentage of Adolescent Suicide Attempts (grades 9 through 12), New Jersey, by odd number years: Beginning 2011
Survey is conducted in odd-numbered years only.   2009 NJ survey data not available.    Ratio: Percent of respondents who answered one or more times to the question: "During the past 12 months, how many times did you actually attempt suicide?"     Definition:  Actual suicide attempts among high school students in the 12 months prior to survey, regardless of whether medical attention was required    Data Source: High School Youth Risk Behavior Survey Data, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, http://nccd.cdc.gov/youthonline/
Community Perception & Support
Responses and Data from the National Citizen Survey
Cook County Municipalities, Percent of Population Below Poverty Level, 2005-09 ACS
Courtesy of MetroPulse
Michigan Educational Entities
Schools, School Districts and Intermediate School Districts in Michigan with Location and FIPs codes for School Districts
Fire Districts
This dataset contains the Geographic Information Systems (GIS) data for the City of Little Rock Fire District boundaries.  Each polygon represents a Fire District, used for reference by the 911 Dispatcher.
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2006 Q1
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2006 Q1
NIST-Number of MEP centers partnering with skills training providers (e.g., community colleges ) to link manufacturing firms with skills training resources.
This indicator reflects the number of MEP centers involved in activities supporting the development of a workforce with industry-aligned skills. MEP is working with partners throughout the national network of centers to provide the tools, services, and connections necessary to develop a workforce with industry- aligned skills.
Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Module E1-02, Foods Consumed During the Last Week
This dataset records whether or not the household consumed specific foods during the 7 days before the survey from the first interim assessment of Feed the Future's population-based indicaors for the ZOI in Cambodia.  It has 1019 rows and 300 columns.   The ZOI is the Pursat, Battambang, Kampong Thom, and Siem Reap Provinces.  The sampling design called for a two-stage cluster sample.  In the first stage, 84 villages were selected; in the second stage, households were selected within each sampled village. The sampling of villages was stratified by province, with the number of villages in each stratum proportional to the population in the stratum and with villages selected with probability proportional to size, based on the 2013 Commune Database.  The data is split into survey modules.  Modules A through C includes location information, informed consent, and the household roster.  Module D includes household characteristics.  Module E is the expenditures module broken up into 8 different parts.  Modules F and G include the hunger scale data and WEIA index data.  Data in modules H and I include mother and child dietary diversity.
Feed the Future Tajikistan Zone of Influence Population Based Survey, Food Consumption Data
The baseline survey in Tajikistan captures data in the Feed the Future Zones of Influence (ZOI), comprised of 12 of the 24 districts in Khatlon province. A total of 2,000 households in the ZOI were surveyed for the PBS data collection activity. These households are spread across 100 standard enumeration areas in the targeted districts. The survey is comprised of ten CSV files: a children's file, a household-level file, a household member level file, a women's file, several files describing consumption, and two files used to construct the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index. This dataset contains data from sub-Module E1: Food Consumption over the Past 7 Days.
Enrollment Capacity And Utilization Reports - Target by Organization
Enrollment, target capacity and utilization data for every building and schools in those buildings, by school
Colegio de procedencia admitidos 2019-1
Categoría del colegio de procedencia de los admitidos para el periodo 2019-1
Asociaciones del Municipio
Asociaciones que existen en el Municipio de Alpujarra
General Election 2010 Summary Results.csv
General Elections 2010 Summary results from the Office of Elections
Población afiliada al régimen Contributivo en Salud del Municipio de Pasto a corte 02 de Agosto 2020.
Población afiliada al régimen Contributivo en Salud del Municipio de Pasto a corte 02 de Agosto 2020.
Asociacion de mujeres campesinas de barbosa
Asistencia tecnica y subsidios para el desarrollo de cultivos.
Campaign Finance Disclosure Debt Data Current State
This file contains information about the debt(s) by which a candidate or committee is encumbered, including information about the person or entity to whom the debt is owed. The data is also available and searchable on www.campaignfinanceonline.pa.gov.
Property Assessment and Sales - FY21
This dataset represents real estate assessment and sales data that is updated on a quarterly basis by the Real Estate Assessor’s Office. This dataset contains information for properties in the city including: Acreage, Square footage, GPIN, Street Address, year built, current land value, current improvement values, and current total value. The information is obtained from Real Estate Assessor’s Office ProVal records database.
Measuring Progress Questionnaire - Park Usage
This was survey sent to the Insight Community in conjunction with a telephone survey performed to gauge residents thoughts on the City and how they think about their city. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=182&as=yN1J0gu9Dz&t=1. Open from January 26 - February 04, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2215 Insight Community Members. 1127 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 51%. A total of 1284 respondents completed the survey: 1127 Insight Community Members and 157 using the Open link.
PETICIONES QUEJAS Y RECLAMOS FÍSICO Y ELECTRÓNICO ALCALDÍA DE CHIA 2019
PQR FÍSICO Y ELECTRÓNICO RADICADA EN OFICINA ATENCIÓN AL CIUDADANO.
Commute Time (LA)
</p>  <p><a href=" https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/9hsa-k998/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
2008 Chronic Conditions PUF
The 2008 Chronic Conditions PUF is an aggregated file in which each record is a profile or cell defined by the characteristics of Medicare beneficiaries. A profile is defined by all combinations of age category, gender, various chronic conditions, and dual-eligibility status of the beneficiaries. Hence, the number of rows (or records) in the CMS 2008 Chronic Conditions PUF represents the number of unique profiles in the Medicare population. For each profile many claim-related variables are provided in the form of averages. The CMS 2008 Chronic Conditions PUF represents 100% of the Medicare beneficiaries provided in the 100% Beneficiary Summary File for reference year 2008. The 100% Beneficiary Summary File is created annually and contains demographic, entitlement and enrollment data for beneficiaries who were: documented as being alive for some part of the reference year of the Beneficiary Summary File, are entitled to Medicare benefits during the reference year, and enrolled in Medicare Part A and/or Part B for at least one month in the reference year.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of January 2018</p>
2014 Clinic Quality Comparisons for Clinics with Five or More Service Providers
Comparative information from the All Payer Claims Database on two quality measures, Avoidance of Antibiotic Treatment in Adults with Acute Bronchitis and Comprehensive Diabetes Care: Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Testing for clinics with five or more physicians.
VDH-COVID-19-PublicUseDataset-ZIPCode
This data set includes the cumulative (total) number of COVID-19 cases and testing encounters for each ZIP Code in Virginia by report date. This data set was first published on May 15, 2020. When you download the data set, the dates will be sorted in ascending order, meaning that the earliest date will be at the top. To see data for the most recent date, please scroll down to the bottom of the data set.  Notes:  1. 'Number of Testing Encounters' was replaced by 'Number of PCR Testing Encounters' from 05/18 onward. 2.  'ZCTA' and 'ZIP Code' were combined into 'ZIP Code' from 7/31 onward.
Lobbying Clients Disclosures: Four Biannual Period Window
Data provided by Lobbying Clients in their Semi-Annual filings submitted to the NYS Joint Commission on Public Ethics
JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE POLONUEVO (GOBERNACIÓN DEL ATLANTICO)
Listado de las Juntas de Acción Comunal Municipio de Polonuevo, Departamento del Atlántico.
Grasshopper Infested Acreage By Year By County In Utah
This data set contains grasshopper infestation by acreage by year for all counties in Utah.  Data is from the Utah Mormon cricket and grasshopper report 2014.
2018 Graduation Rates - Charter Schools - All Students
2018 Graduation Rates - Charter Schools - All Students
Vital Signs: Income (Median by Place of Residence) – by tract
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Income (EC4)  FULL MEASURE NAME Household income by place of residence  LAST UPDATED May 2019  DESCRIPTION Income reflects the median earnings of individuals and households from employment, as well as the income distribution by quintile. Income data highlight how employees are being compensated for their work on an inflation-adjusted basis.	  DATA SOURCE U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census Count 4Pb (1970) Form STF3 (1980-1990) Form SF3a (2000) https://nhgis.org  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey Form B19013 (2006-2017; place of residence) http://api.census.gov  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index All Urban Consumers Data Table (1970-2017; specific to each metro area) http://data.bls.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Income data reported in a given year reflects the income earned in the prior year (decennial Census) or in the prior 12 months (American Community Survey); note that this inconsistency has a minor effect on historical comparisons (for more information, go to: http://www.census.gov/acs/www/Downloads/methodology/ASA_nelson.pdf). American Community Survey 1-year data is used for larger geographies – metropolitan areas and counties – while smaller geographies rely upon 5-year rolling average data due to their smaller sample sizes. Quintile income for 1970-2000 is imputed from Decennial Census data using methodology from the California Department of Finance (for more information, go to: http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Census_Data_Center_Network/documents/How_to_Recalculate_a_Median.pdf). Bay Area income is the population weighted average of county-level income.  Income has been inflated using the Consumer Price Index specific to each metro area; however, some metro areas lack metro-specific CPI data back to 1970 and therefore adjusted data is unavailable for some historical data points. Note that current MSA boundaries were used for historical comparison by identifying counties included in today’s metro areas.
Pledges Reporting History
This dataset contains a list of all pledges reported on the C4 report for the last 10 years. The dataset presents a historical perspective of pledges made by a contributor. A committee is required to report pledges of $100 or more received but not yet paid on each C4 submitted.  However, there is no correlation between the pledges reported and pledge redemption or pledge forgiveness.    Candidates and political committees choosing to file under "mini reporting" are not included in this dataset. See WAC 390-16-105 for information regarding eligibility.    This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.    Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information political finance disclosure requirements.    CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See  RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.      Candidates and political committees are required to report new pledges, and previously reported pledges that have not been redeemed, with each C4 they submit. It is possible that the same pledge will be reported on multiple C4s
2015 San Diego Demographics - Senior Poverty
Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B23001, B17024.
Red pública de Prestadores de Servicios de Salud - DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ
Contiene información básica de las Instituciones Prestadoras de Servicios de Salud de la red pública, que se encuentran habilitados ante el REPS - Registro Especial de Prestadores de Servicios de Salud.    Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Indice de información clasificada 2020
El índice de información clasificada y reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Fin-FundBalance
Tracking the percentage of fund balance maintained as reserves, to monitor adherence to the 17% policy.
IEPA E-Waste Collection Sites in Cook County
Data from December 2011
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS007
Driver Feedback Sign DFS007    Latitude: 53.489621  Longitude: -113.681505    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Planning Stats
Planning, demographic and other important statistics from the City of Franklin's strategic plan
Organic waste collected at Degraves St Recycling Facility 2016
This dataset records amount of organic waste collected each day at the Degraves Street Recycling Facility, in kilograms, throughout 2016.
Austin Finance Online eCheckbook
Flat file data set of the data found in the Austin Finance Online eCheckbook application.  The data contained in this dataset is for informational purposes only and contains expenditure information for the City of Austin. Certain Austin Energy transactions have been excluded as competitive matters under Texas Government Code Section 552.133 and City Council Resolution 20051201-002; therefore, the line amounts may not reflect the total check amount if certain Austin Energy invoices were included on the check.  Please visit the Austin Finance Online website for a searchable front end to this data set.
HCDE Zones - Schools
Schools tab from HCDE Zones file
Community Involvement A
Data from the Town's social media pages and main website
Veedurías ciudadanas Municipio de Panqueba
organismos de control y vigilancia
Mesa Capital Project Phases - Sheet1
Used by Capital Budget Summary in Open Budget module
Comparendos de transito por infracción tercer trimestre 2019
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados la estadística de comparendos de transito del tercer trimestre del año.
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2007
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2007
KCMO 2013 ACS 5-year estimates Income Census Data
2013 ACS 5-year estimates for Income organized by census tract. Included in this data are all census tracts that are included in the boundaries of KCMO, even if no KCMO citizens lived in that tract when the data was gathered. All data was gathered on the U.S. Census Bureau's website: http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t# Table ID: B15003
Median Class Size Grades 7-11 Science Math Language By District 2007
Median Class Size Grades 7-11 Science Math Language By District 2007
CorStat - Sidewalk Repair Points
Sidewalk repair points are tracked by a GIS application developed and deployed in August 2017.<br>  <b>Update Frequency:</b> Quarterly<br>  <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
2014 Federal Grants Data As of June 30, 2014
The data provided here details the State of Missouri's Federal Grants Data as of June 30, 2014.
Bikeshare (Docked and Dockless) and E-scooter Systems 2020 by Month and System Status
List of cities served by a bikeshare (docked or dockless) and/or e-scooter system by month in 2020. Some systems serve more than one city. The layer lists just the primary city served. Bikeshare includes systems that are open to the general public, IT-automated, and station based (contain hubs to which users can grab and return a bike) as well as dockless systems. The layer includes a count of the number of docking stations, the number of dockless bikeshare systems, and the number of e-scooter systems serving a city (if applicable) in each month and the status of the system - whether temporarily suspended or closed. Many systems temporarily suspended operations and/or closed permanently in response to COVID-19.
Informe Productividad - Prestación De Servicios Promoción Y Prevención-  16 Ips Adscritas A Red Salud Casanare Ese – Enero 2019 a Noviembre 2019
A continuación se relacionan los pacientes atendidos en Red Salud Casanare ESE, en cada uno de los servicios – Enero 1 a Noviembre 30 de  2019.
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Head Start Centers – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2019-2020
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b> meal reimbursement for CACFP participating as Head Start centers for program year 2019-2020.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  In March 2020, USDA began allowing flexibility in nutrition assistance program policy to support continued meal access should the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) impact meal service operation. Sites participating in these flexibilities are indicated in the newly added <b><i>COVID Meal Site</b></i> column of this dataset. For more information on the waivers implemented for this purpose, please visit our website at <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">SquareMeals.org</a>. <p>  <b> This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites participating as Head Start centers.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, Child Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care Centers, emergency shelters, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  An overview of <b>all CACFP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/iekx-7mdi target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Child and Adult Care Food Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.<p>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs,  the Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP), and the summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i>
Animal Services Intake Data
Dept of Animal Services animal intake data for 2011, 2012 and 2013
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Estimates
The state conducted a detailed inventory of greenhouse gasses in 2006 and 2011.  Estimated emissions for those two years represent the results of the inventories.      Projected emissions under a "business as usual" scenario were estimated based on the 2006 inventory, projected forward using a protocol set forth by the Environmental Protection Agency.  The business as usual estimates were revised due to changes in the economy since the protocol was set out.  It is important to bear in mind that a BAU projected emissions inventory is a forecast that may, or may not, prove to be an entirely accurate predictor of future emissions.     Annual emission estimates were calculated for the intervening years from 2006 through 2011 by utilizing three surrogates as indicators of emissions (energy, transportation and residential, commercial and industrial fuel combustion).  These three sectors account for over 85 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Maryland.    Emissions are calculated every three years. The next data update will be available in late 2018.
Georeferenciación Centros de Aprendizaje SENA
Georeferenciación Centros de Aprendizaje SENA
Operating Expenses
Operating Expenses 9262016 2
Shelf-Life of Chlorine Solutions Recommended in Ebola Response: RPD Raw Data
Dataset can be found below under "Attachments".     This asset includes data generated in a laboratory on the concentration of chlorine solutions typically used in Ebola outbreak response, particularly during the 2014 West African Ebola outbreak. Data was collected over a period of 30 days under different temperature conditions to assess the rate of degradation of solutions.
2012 Census - Dwelling Unit By Ownership (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2012.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
ESNCAG - Boundary File
This is the Safety Zone Boundary File for the Embarcadero SAFE Navigation Center - first draft, uploaded 9/10/2019.
INGRESOS 2017 ALCALDIA DE POPAYAN
Consulte el archivo que contiene los ingresos de la vigencia 2017 para la Alcaldia Municipal de Popayan.
Puestos de vacunación de Risaralda - Puntos de vacunación y horarios de atención
Relación de puntos de vacunación y horarios de atención : Fiebre Amarilla viajeros(vacunación de fiebre amarilla que este biológico debe de ser aplicado desde los 18 meses a los 59 años si se sale de este rango de edad debe solicitar a un medico el certificado donde el profesional debe escribir que no tiene indicada la vacunación con este biológico por lineamientos del programa) y Esquema permanente de Vacunación.
Daños Red de Distribución 2017
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE DAÑOS  AL MES EN LA RED DE DISTRIBUCIÓN DE AGUA
7/1/15 - 6/30/17 Secretary of State Payroll   (Final)
This report includes all Secretary of State payroll expenditures for the 2015-2017 budget (July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2017) that have been recorded as of August 1, 2017.
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2006
Refinery Production Activity In Utah T3.15 2006
ÍNDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA IDS NORTE DE SANTANDER
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada del Instituto Departamental de Salud de Norte de Santander
SWI 1.3 Source of Abuse-Neglect Report by Program FY2010-2019
Statewide Intake (SWI) has the responsibility to assess information received to the definitions of possible abuse, neglect or exploitation for each program served and to prioritize and route the information to the correct destination workload.   SWI is the centralized point of intake for child abuse and neglect, abuse, neglect or exploitation of people age 65 or older or adults with disabilities, clients served by DSHS or DADS employees in State Hospitals or State Supported Living Centers, and children in licensed child-care facilities or treatment centers for the entire State of Texas.   SWI receives intake reports for the following Programs: Adult Protective Services (APS) Adult Provider Investigations  Child Protective Investigations (CPI)  Day Care Licensing (DCL)  Residential Child Care Licensing (RCCL)   FOOTNOTES Not all reports are assigned for investigation.    There can be more than one source per contact.  This dashboard counts report contacts determined by the date of contact.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs
FY2015 F65 Township Part 1
F-65 Data Summary Township Part 2 2015
Water Quality Index Scores
The water quality index provides a single number (like a grade) that expresses overall water quality.   Each month Water Quality Specialists measure 8 water quality parameters at 53 streams. The parameters are temperature, dissolved oxygen, bacteria (fecal coliform), total nitrogen, total phosphorus, pH, total suspended sediment, and turbidity.
Consolidado estadísticas accidentes y enfermedades laborales - Del Grupo de Promoción y prevención de la Dirección de Riesgos de Laborales del Ministerio del Trabajo
Información que relaciona las estadísticas mensuales de accidentes laborales para las vigencias 2017 y 2018.   El conjunto de datos presenta las cantidades de accidentes de trabajo, enfermedades laborales, muertes por accidentes de trabajo, muertes por enfermedades laborales, e incapacidades.
LEHD LODES 7 Origin-Destination Matrix VA 2013 (AUX)
LEHD Origin-Destination Employment Statistics (LODES) used by OnTheMap are available for download below. Version 7 of LODES was enumerated by 2010 census blocks. Previous versions of LODES were enumerated with 2000 census blocks.  Data files are state-based and organized into three types: Origin-Destination (OD), Residence Area Characteristics (RAC), and Workplace Area Characteristics (WAC), all at census block geographic detail. Data is available for most states for the years 2002–2013.  To browse the LODES data files in their directory structure or to access them with a FTP program (must be able to access HTTP), go to http://lehd.ces.census.gov/data/lodes/.    Check out the data dictionary at http://celebratingcities.github.io/docs.html
ICC Vehicle Volume Data
This dataset shows the number of vehicles that have passed under a gantry on that particular day. This dataset does not show trips, it only shows segments. Segments are compiled to make trips. There are 10 gantries on the InterCounty Connector (ICC) and 5 interchanges.     The eastbound gantries are 101, 105, 107, 109, 113, and the  westbound gantries are 102, 106, 108, 110, 114.     The dataset has a column for each gantry going east and west, then a total for each gantry.     The ICC is an all electronic tolling road which opened February 2011. The first opening was a partial opening, with only the first interchange being available for use.There was a free period from February 23, 2011 through March 6, 2011. The rest of the ICC opened in November 2011, and there was another free period from November 22, 2011 through December 4, 2011.    There are a few days where a low number of traffic passed under gantries (rows 196,198, 269,271...), these were either testing periods or construction vehicles.
WDFW-Hatchery Programs
A list of hatchery programs presented in the Salmon Conservation Reporting Engine (SCoRE)
New Jersey Legislative Districts
The 40 New Jersey legislative districts
9% Housing Tax Credits Awards
This dataset includes the 9% LIHTC awards in 2017 and 2018.
Registro de Activos de Información Colpensiones
Contiene el inventario de la información pública que la Administradora Colombiana de Pensiones Colpensiones, genera, adquiere, transforma y controla.
Recreation Centers
The Parks and Recreation Department offers a wide variety of programs for youth and teens, adults and 50+/seniors at our Community Recreation Centers.
Web Analytics
Website analytics across the City of Santa Monica's web presence. Includes data aggregated from Google analytics via analytics.smgov.net, as well as PDF requests parsed from server logs.
2001 Campaign Payments
A listing of public funds payments for candidates for City office during the 2001 election cycle
Lone Peak Police Data
This data set contains police data for the Lone Peak Police Department
Zoning
Zoning map of the City of Boulder, CO
Strategic Measure_Years of potential life lost before age 75 per 100,000 population
This data is the years of potential life lost (YPLL) before age 75 per 100,000 population from Robert Wood Johnson Foundation County Health Rankings the  for the years 2017-2019. This data set contains data for Travis County. YPLL is used to measure of premature mortality that focuses attention on preventable deaths.   View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/cvz3-7ikr
People Waiting For Ongoing Services DHS DSPD 2010-2014
This data set shows counts of people receiving ongoing services as well as limited one-time services while they wait for funding for ongoing services. It also gives a historical look at the number of people waiting for ongoing services each year, for the past five years.
Cultivos Sembrados
Cultivos sembrados en el municipio de Durania por año
SITIOS ALOJAMIENTO Y HOSPEDAJE MUNICIPIO DE TULUA
Establecimientos para alojamiento y hospedaje en el Municipio de Tuluá Valle.
Budget - 2012 Budget Recommendations - Appropriations
The dataset details 2012 Budget Recommendations, which is the line-item budget document proposed by the Mayor to the City Council for approval. Budgeted expenditures are identified by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally-generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds. Owner: Budget and Management. Frequency: Data is updated annually. For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Multi-Family Water Consumption
Average monthly multi-family water consumption in millions of gallons/day
HIV-infected adolescents and adults who receive HIV care and treatment consistent with current standards, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: HIV-infected adolescents and adults who receive HIV care and treatment consistent with current standards, per 100,000 HIV-infected persons age 13+.    Definition: Percent of HIV-infected adolescents and adults who receive HIV care and treatment consistent with current standards.    Data Sources:  Division of HIV/AIDS, STD, and TB Services, New Jersey Department of Health
Park Sections
Recreation and Parks Department Park Sections for Golden Gate Park and John McClaren Park.
Anne Arundel County Employment Figures
Employment figures and unemployment rate, 2009 - present.  (Non-seasonally adjusted.) As of June 2017 this dataset was marked for no additional updates because this data is available for all counties in the state in other datasets so there was no need to continue updating it for Anne Arundel County only.
Presupuesto a Diciembre 31 de 2018 - Controlaría Municipal de Itagüí
Consolidado del presupuesto a 31 de diciembre de 2018 reportado por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
ENERGY STAR Certified Ventilating Fans
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 4.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Ventilating Fans that are effective as of October 1, 2015. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/heating_cooling/fans_ventilating/key_product_criteria.
Daily Sulfer Dioxide Emissions Utah 2003
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (sulfer dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
DOP Adult Cases Snapshot by Fiscal Year
The number of active adult probation supervision cases on the last day of the reporting period (June 30)
Indicadores Contraloría Municipal de Envigado 2019
Indicadores por procesos del Sistema de Gestión de la Contraloría Municipal de Envigado para el año 2019
Índice de información clasificada y reservada
Clasificación del índice de información clasificada y reservada de acuerdo con los procedimientos, lineamientos, valoración y tiempo definidos en su programa de gestión documental
Workforce & Economic Development 2010
BNIA-JFI tracks fourteen workforce and economic development indicators that measure the importance of and role of the City as both a major source of labor andas a center of economic activity. These indicators are grouped into the followingcategories: labor force participation and employment; educational attainment;commercial investment activity; and businesses and successful small businesses.Information for the City of Baltimore is now available on an annual basis from the American Community Survey (ACS), but community-level information is aggregated over 5-years of data collection. In Vital Signs 10, indicators were calculatedusing the 5-year average from the 2006-2010 ACS. Business data is purchased from InfoUSA and is available at the address level, which can be aggregated to the CSA level for Vital Signs. It is still important to note that the firm level data from InfoUSA is best to be analyzed at the City level since due to methodology issues,individual level firm data can be problematic to analyze.
Nova Scotia Fish Hatchery Stocking Records
Fish stocking records from Nova Scotia fish hatcheries. Includes trout and salmon stocking, size, number, location, stock and growth stage. Records contain both fall and spring distributions.
Third Grader English-Language Arts & Math Proficiency
This dataset includes counts and rates for scores which met or exceeded proficiency standards on the Missouri Assessment Program (MAP) English-Language Arts and Math tests. The dataset only includes counts for third grade test takers. The Missouri Department of Elementary & Secondary Education (DESE) collects, maintains and publishes Below Basic, Basic, Proficient and Advanced counts and rates for the state and all public school districts.  Proficient or Advanced Rate is calculated as: ((Proficient Results + Advanced Results) / (Reportable Results - Level Not Determined)) x 100
Strategic Measure_Sidewalk Condition Data
This dataset contains data about the conditions of sidewalks maintained by the City of Austin Public Works Department.  It does not include sidewalks maintained by private parties or other government entities.  This network currently contains about 2700 miles of sidewalks, of which 616 miles have been assessed.  Condition assessment is a manual process, requiring people to walk the sidewalks, measure their conditions, and record observations and measurements in a cloud database that is tied to a map of the sidewalks.  This dataset describes conditions as of the FY2019 assessment, which includes all high priority and very high priority sidewalks as described in the City of Austin Sidewalk Master Plan adopted in June 2016.  Lower priority sidewalks are present in the dataset, but without an assessment of their condition.  Assessment of the remaining part of the network should be completed by the conclusion of FY2021.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/t3ve-rx4s
Radon Test Results By County: Beginning 1987
The New York State Department of Health Radon Program contracts with a radon testing laboratory to provide short-term charcoal radon test kits, radon test kit analysis, and results to residents. The contract laboratory provides the radon test results to the individual home owner and the Radon Program. All testing data is entered into our database. From this database, we are able to create radon prevalence maps, design special outreach activities and campaigns, and track the location in the home where the detector was placed.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH33 B028 POST-9/11 VETERANS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAR2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION BENEFITS PROGRAM to help servicepersons adjust to civilian life after separation from military service, assist in the recruitment and retention of highly qualified personnel in the active and reserve components in the Armed Forces by providing education benefits, and to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain service members and veterans. Individuals who entered active duty after September 10, 2001 may be eligible for the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Individuals can use the Post-9/11 GI Bill after serving 90 days on active duty (excluding entry level and skill training). Only periods of active duty under title 10 will be used to establish eligibility for the Post 9/11 GI Bill. A high school diploma or equivalency certificate is always required for eligibility. Individuals who are eligible for the Montgomery GI Bill – Active Duty (chapter 30), the Montgomery GI Bill – Selected Reserve (chapter 1606), or the Reserve Educational Assistance Program (REAP) will have to make an irrevocable election to relinquish eligibility under one of those benefit programs to establish eligibility under the Post-9/11 GI Bill. The dependent children of a person who died in the line of duty while serving as a member of the Armed Forces may be eligible to use benefits under the Fry Scholarship provision of the Post-9/11 GI Bill. The spouse and/or child(ren) of a veteran or service member may be eligible for the Post 9/11 GI Bill if the veteran or service member transfers entitlement to those dependents. Eligibility to transfer entitlement to dependents is determined by the Department of Defense. This is not a complete list of eligibility requirements. For more information on the latest changes to the Post-9/11 GI Bill go to the VA web-site.</p>
Naming Edmonton
The provenance of Edmonton's place names.  Details regarding contemporary naming decisions are provided by https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/city_organization/naming-committee.aspx.  Historical naming information collected by Matthew Dance (http://www.namingedmonton.com/), primarily from Berger, Carol, editor. "Naming Edmonton: From Ada to Zoie". The University of Alberta Press, 2004 (ISBN 0-88864-423-X).
S E- GEOD-50881 Study Samples --- Candida albicans response to spaceflight (NASA STS-115)
https://c3.nasa.gov/genelab/accession/GLDS-20/    This study presents the first global transcriptional profiling and phenotypic characterization of the major human opportunistic fungal pathogen, Candida albicans, grown in spaceflight conditions. Microarray analysis revealed that C. albicans subjected to short-term spaceflight culture differentially regulated 454 genes compared to synchronous ground controls, which represented 8.4% of the analyzed ORFs. Spaceflight-cultured C. albicans induced genes involved in cell aggregation (similar to flocculation), which was validated by microscopic and flow cytometry analysis. We also observed enhanced random budding of spaceflight-cultured cells as opposed to more normal bipolar budding patterns for ground samples, in accordance with the gene expression data. Furthermore, genes involved in antifungal agent and stress resistance were differentially regulated in spaceflight, including induction of ABC transporters and members of the major facilitator family, downregulation of ergosterol-encoding genes, and upregulation of genes involved in oxidative stress resistance. Finally, downregulation of genes involved in the actin cytoskeleton was observed. Interestingly, the transcriptional regulator Cap1 and over 30% of the Cap1 regulon was differentially expressed in spaceflight-cultured C. albicans. A potential role for Cap1 in the spaceflight response of C. albicans is suggested, as this regulator is involved in random budding, cell aggregation, actin cytoskeleton, and oxidative stress resistance; all related to observed spaceflight-associated changes of C. albicans. While culture of C. albicans in microgravity potentiates a global change in gene expression that could induce a virulence-related phenotype, no increased virulence in a murine intraperitoneal (i.p.) infection model was observed. This study represents an important basis for the assessment of the risk that commensal flora could play during spaceflight missions. Furthermore, since the low fluid-shear environment of microgravity is relevant to physical forces encountered by pathogens during the infection process, insights gained from this study could identify novel infectious disease mechanisms, with downstream benefits for the general public. Cells were grown for 24 hours on the space shuttle or as ground-based controls, preserved in RNALater, and stored at -80C. Four samples of each flight- and ground-based controls were harvested for microarray analysis. GAP is Group Activation Pack and each GAP contains 8 FPAs. The numbers represent the # assigned to the particular GAP and the number assigned to the specific FPA (1-8) within the indicated GAP. The same hardware is used for the flight samples and the ground samples.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Alcaldía de Aguazul
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Alcaldía de Aguazul
EJECUCIÓN DE EGRESOS
EJECUCIÓN DE EGRESOS
Detention Center Inmate Data: 2009 - 2014
Inmate age, charge and lenght of sentence information grouped by category by year
2014 - 2015 Teacher Survey Data
2015 NYC School Survey teacher data for all schools To understand the perceptions of families, students, and teachers regarding their school.  School leaders use feedback from the survey to reflect and make improvements to schools and programs. Also, results from the survey used to help measure school quality.  Each year, all parents, teachers, and students in grades 6-12 take the NYC School Survey. The survey is aligned to the DOE's Framework for Great Schools. It is designed to collect important information about each school's ability to support student success.
Next Generation Simulation (NGSIM) Vehicle Trajectories and Supporting Data
Researchers for the Next Generation Simulation (NGSIM)  program collected detailed vehicle trajectory data on southbound US 101 and Lankershim Boulevard in Los Angeles, CA, eastbound I-80 in Emeryville, CA and Peachtree Street in Atlanta, Georgia. Data was collected through a network of synchronized digital video cameras. NGVIDEO, a customized software application developed for the NGSIM program, transcribed the vehicle trajectory data from the video. This vehicle trajectory data provided the precise location of each vehicle within the study area every one-tenth of a second, resulting in detailed lane positions and locations relative to other vehicles. Click the "Show More" button below to find additional contextual data and metadata for this dataset.
Municipal Court Case Clearance Rate
This datasets contains performance metrics related to the case clearance rate for the municipal court of Kansas City on a quarterly basis. Quarters are set to the City's fiscal year, May-April.
2020 TransBorder Data State and Commodity
This dataset provides interactive data on the value and weight of shipments by the origin or destination state of U.S exports and imports by commodity. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: https://www.bts.gov/statistical-products/transborder-freight-data/north-american-transborder-freight-data-faqs TRANSBORDER RAW DATA: https://www.bts.gov/topics/transborder-raw-data CODES FOR NORTH AMERICAN TRANSBORDER FREIGHT RAW DATA: https://www.bts.gov/browse-statistical-products-and-data/transborder-freight-data/all-codes-north-american-transborder
PUNTOS VIVE DIGITAL LA VICTORIA VALLE
Puntos Vive Digital del Municipio de La Victoria Valle del Cauca
Proyectos Registrados Cumplimiento Metas Plan Desarrollo Vaupés, Un Compromiso de Todos. Noviembre 2019
Conjunto de Datos que refleja los proyectos registrados en la Secretaría de Planeación y Desarrollo Banco de Proyectos con corte a Noviembre de 2019.
Drinking Fountains
Locations of the public drinking fountains across Canberra.
Delitos De Impacto Que Afectan La Seguridad Ciudadana - Municipio De San Cayetano
Delitos de impacto que afectan la seguridad ciudadana de los vigencias 2015, 2016, 2017 y primer trimestre de 2018 - Municipio de San Cayetano, Norte de Santander.
EDA - Percentage of those actions taken by University Center clients that achieved the expected results
This measure is a follow up to the previous measure: "Percentage of University Center (UC) clients taking action as a result of the assistance facilitated by the UC." This measure determines if the assistance provided by the UC is market based and results in desired outcomes. UCs develop client profiles and report to EDA, which will evaluate and verify the performance of each UC once every three years.
Medicare Provider & Utilization Physician_Medication Data 2016
The Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File (Physician and Other Supplier PUF) provides information on services and procedures provided to Medicare beneficiaries by physicians and other healthcare professionals. The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program.
Missouri Zipcode Data
This dataset comes from the census data
Social Indicator Report Data
The Social Indicators Report is an analysis of social conditions across New York City, including geographic and demographic breakdowns, changes over time, and the Mayor's plan for responding to problems highlighted in the report.  </br></p>"The Social Indicators Report is an annual report published by the Mayor's Office of Operations to provide a statistical portrait of the City and to help guide the City's efforts to reduce disparities and advance equity. The Social Indicators Report data is compiled from agency requests and census data. The records in this dataset represent current conditions in our society in a number of domains (e.g. Education, Health) and for a variety of populations (e.g. Citywide, by Borough, Race/Ethnicity, Gender). This data can be used to get a clearer understanding of current conditions in New York City, and identifying unmet needs, and areas where progress is being made.  Local Law 177 requires the City to report data disaggregated by race, gender, income, and sexual orientation. This year's update meets that requirement wherever feasible. Data on sexual identity is not currently collected at the individual level for the indicators included in this update."
TASA DE FALLECIMIENTO POR HOMICIDIO, ACCIDENTE DE TRANSITO Y SUICIDIO DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2016
Delitos contra la vida e integridad. Tasa por 100.000 habitantes y Número de muertes por homicidios, accidentes de tránsito y suicidios según municipio del hecho y sexo, departamento del Atlántico 2016. Fuente:Instituto Nacional de Medicina Legal y Ciencias Forenses, 2016.
INVENTARIO DE EQUIPOS
Inventario de Equipos de Computo - Alcaldía Municipal de Nariño - Nariño
T11 Street Safety
All of the data for the injury collision maps came from TIMS – the Transportation Injury Mapping System. TIMS is a project of UC Berkeley’s Safe Transportation Research and Education Center (SafeTREC). It takes data from another mapping system called SWITRS (State-Wide Integrated Traffic Records System), which is compiled by the CHP from law enforcement agencies throughout the state.
Población Asignada para el Periodo octubre de 2019
Número total de usuarios asignados para la atención durante el mes de octubre de 2019.
Transport Canberra and City Services (TCCS) Workplace Locations
This dataset contains information relating to Transport Canberra and City Services (TCCS) workplace locations
Internet Master Plan: Broadband Choice and Speed by Census Block
Key indicators of the availability of internet service choice and speed based on publicly available data from the Federal Communications Commission  </p> <b>Data Limitations:</b> Data accuracy is limited as of the date of publication and by the methodology and accuracy of the original sources.  The City shall not be liable for any costs related to, or in reliance of, the data contained in these datasets.
PROYECTOS 2018-2020 EN EJECUCIÓN, EJECUTADOS Y SIN EJECUTAR DE LA ADMINISTRACIÓN MUNICIPAL EL ÁGUILA VALLE DEL CAUCA.
Proyectos en ejecución, ejecutados y sin ejecutar de la administración municipal El Águila Valle del cauca.
Fin- General Fund Exp
General fund spending per capita by program
Blood pressure checks on NYC HealthMap
The dataset includes locations in NYC that offer free blood pressure checks at self-serve blood pressure kiosks or by pharmacy staff.  </p> Blood pressure check data collected to promote access to free blood pressure checks throughout NYC. Data collected so users can visit the NYC HealthMap online to find locations nearest to them to check their blood pressure at a self-serve kiosk or by pharmacy staff. Data collected manually. Each record represents a location that offers free blood pressure checks. Data can be used by general public seeking places to check their blood pressure. Data may change as sites are added and/or sites inform us of updates (i.e. address changes, pharmacy closures)
DSNY Planned Commercial Waste Zones
On November 20, 2019, Mayor de Blasio signed into law LL199 of 2019, requiring the establishment of Commercial Waste Zones throughout New York City. The result of years of planning, analysis, and stakeholder engagement by DSNY, the Commercial Waste Zones (CWZ) program will create a safe and efficient commercial waste collection system that advances the City’s Green New Deal and zero waste goals while providing high-quality, low-cost service to NYC businesses. For more information, see: https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dsny/site/resources/reports/commercial-waste-zones-plan. </p>The zone map did change slightly after DSNY adopted final rules in February 2020: https://rules.cityofnewyork.us/sites/default/files/adopted_rules_pdf/cwz_map_final_rule_-_2-7-20_-_legal_10594369.pdf. The map presented here reflects the changes made when the final rules were adopted. Pre-COVID, DSNY was expecting to release the RFP for servicing the zones in May 2020 and enter into the long-term contracts in early 2021. With the enormous disruptions to commercial establishments and the carting industry from the pandemic and economic shutdown, the program is on an indefinite pause until the industry is able to start recovering and stabilizing.  </p> The zones were adopted by final rules in February 2020. DSNY does not expect to change them for at least the ten year term of the commercial waste zone contracts. It would take a new rule making to change the boundaries.
House Share Restricted Residential Zone Precincts
The Chicago City Code, Chapter 4-17, allows for shared housing rentals to be prohibited or restricted in specified precincts.  This dataset shows those precincts for which such restrictions have been requested by voter petition, including those approved by ordinance and potentially those for which an attempted repeal of the prohibition is underway or complete.    Current status can be determined from the most recent date.
Saravena - Arauca Organización Administrativa Rural y Tipo de Explotación
Informacion de la Zona Rural del Municipio de SARAVENA ARAUCA su orgarnizacion adminsitrativa, y tipos de explotacion en tema agricola, ganaderia y especies menores
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Race and Ethnicity, by City
Veterans by largest Race and Ethnicity categories, by City.  Veterans: Civilians who have served (even for a short time), but are not currently serving, on active duty in the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard, or who served in the U.S. Merchant Marine during World War II. People who served in the National Guard or Reserves are classified as veterans only if they were ever called or ordered to active duty. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
NNDSS - TABLE 1Q. Hepatitis B, perinatal infection to Hepatitis C (viral, acute), Probable
NNDSS - TABLE 1Q.  Hepatitis B, perinatal infection to Hepatitis C (viral, acute), Probable - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.   Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.   * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).   § For acute Hepatitis C, only confirmed cases were verified.
Case Types Submitted Or Reopened To DSS In 2011
The cases submitted to the laboratory for the calendar year 2011 include information on which agency/PD submitted the cases, the towns of offenses for each case, the dates of the incidents and the dates that the cases were opened in the laboratory.
Public Works Permits
Street and Trench Permits issued from January 2015 to Jun 30, 2020
State Park Annual Attendance Figures by Facility:  Beginning 2003
The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP) oversees more than 250 state parks, historic sites, recreational trails, golf courses, boat launches and more,  encompassing nearly 350,000 acres, that are visited by 74 million people annually.  These facilities contribute to the economic vitality and quality of life of local communities and directly support New York’s tourism industry.  Parks also provide a place for families and children to be active and exercise, promoting healthy lifestyles.  The agency is responsible for the operation and stewardship of the state park system as well as advancing a statewide parks, historic preservation, and open space mission.    This data set contains the annual attendance figures for facilities operated by the New York State Office for Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP).  The data is organized by OPRHP region and county.
Summer of 2014, Weekly Camp, Pool and Water Park Attendance
This dataset shows the weekly attendance at park facilities across the city. Rain days and holiday closures will affect attendance at all locations.
Terrorismo en el Departamento de Norte de Santander
En este datasets se encontraran todos el terrorismo registrados en cada uno de los municipios del departamento de Norte de Santander en el años 2015.
Bus Frequency
Bus frequency is measured as the average number of buses per hour along routes in and surrounding census tracts. For this Indicator, 100ft buffers were created around each group of census tracts in order to capture bus routes that did not fall completely inside census tract boundaries but were still important to include because they were very close. For each group of census tracts, bus frequency was averaged, taking into account the length of the route.
Research Payment Data – Detailed Dataset 2015 Reporting Year
All research-related payments from the 2015 program year [January 1 – December 31, 2015]
Sandy DOH Summary
THIS DATASET IS FINAL AND NO FURTHER UPDATES ARE EXPECTED.  This is a summarized version of the DOH Master Data with key columns.
Información básica Instituciones Educativas  de Ciénaga
En este archivo se encuentra la información básica de los colegios de Ciénaga, como nombre de las instituciones, dirección, teléfono, etc.
DIRECTORIO EMPRESARIAL TURÍSTICO PEREIRA-AGENCIAS DE VIAJES MAYORISTAS
Agencias de viajes mayoristas de la ciudad de Pereira.
MATRICULADOS TOTALES POR MODALIDAD 2018-2
Matriculados totales por pregrado y postgrado
FY2018 MMR Agency Resources
NYC agency resources from the FY18 Mayor's Management Report (MMR), including expenditures (includes all funds), personnel, revenue and paid overtime.
Weights, Measures, and Other Tests
This dataset features detailed information about DCA inspections of scales, measuring devices, pricing, and other equipment.
Dataset Inventory
The dataset inventory provides a list of data maintained by departments that are candidates for open data publishing or have already been published. The identification and publishing of datasets is prioritized for information that supports Council Strategic Priorities and individual department performance measures, with Key Performance Indicators (KPI's) getting highest priority.
Informe  PQRS  recibidas por proceso de 2016 a 2019
En el presente informe se presenta el numero de PQRS por proceso recibidas entre enero de 2016 y mayo de 2019
PSP FY16 REC Recommended Changes
PSP FY16 REC Recommended Changes
City Health - Walkability
Walkability: Neighborhood amenities accessible by walking as calculated by Walk Score®
AMBIENTE
La consolidación de temas ambientales en el municipio de palestina consolida las determinantes ambientales fijadas por la autoridad ambiental y que son de cumplimiento misional de la administración,se destacan ; la franjas de protección ambiental ,la gestión del riesgo en el componente ambiental,la preservación y conservación del recurso hidrico,elementos de cambio climatérico que conlleva al favorecimiento del cumplimiento de indicadores en el municipio.
INDICE DE INFORMACION CLASIFICADA HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL DE EL ESPINAL E.S.E
CONTIENE EL LISTADO DE  INFORMACIÓN PUBLICA GENERADA Y OBTENIDA POR EL HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL DE EL ESPINAL LA CUAL HA SIDO CLASIFICADA COMO RESERVADA
2011-2012 School Closure Discharge Reporting ELL- School
In June 2012, 7 New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2011-2012 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043
Street furniture including bollards, bicycle rails, bins, drinking fountains, horse troughs, planter boxes, seats, barbecues
The City of Melbourne owns and maintains various objects and pieces of equipment installed on streets and roads for various purposes. This dataset includes Barbeques, Bicycle Rails, Bin Corrals, Bollards, Drinking Fountains, Floral Crate/Planter Boxs, Hoops, Horse Troughs, Information Pillars, Litter Bins, Picnic Setting, Seats.
Child Support Collections
Child Support Cases.  For the Child Support Caseload dataset, please follow this URL: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/d/7rf2-3gxf
Traffic Control Device Inventory
The New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) traffic control devices data set is a list of all of the traffic devices that are either owned or maintained by NYSDOT. The devices included are of various types such as traffic signals, street lights, beacons, flashers, navigational lights, Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), etc.  Devices in the 5 boroughs of New York City are not owned or maintained by NYSDOT and therefore not represented in this dataset
Port Planning & Marketing Fund
The Port Planning & Marketing Fund helps ports fund planning or marketing studies related to expanding their trade and commerce activities. This report covers Fiscal Years 2019-2020. For more information visit https://www.orinfrastructure.org/Infrastructure-Programs/PPM/
CEQR Project Milestones
CEQR Open Data contains information on projects that are undergoing or have completed review through the City Environmental Quality Review (CEQR) process. Project information available at the Open Data Portal includes the CEQR Number, Project Name, the Project Description, the Lead Agency, project milestones, and geographical locations. CEQR Open Data contains information on CEQR projects, which were filed with the Mayor’s Office from January 1, 2005 to the present.  For associated documents, please follow the links to the CEQR Access Database.
Administrative Hearings - Top 5 Cigarette Tax Violations - Fiscal Year 2011 Incomplete
Data covers December 1, 2010 through September 22, 2011
ThinkFarm Client Inquiries and Categories by Year
A categorized list of inquiries received by the ThinkFarm Coordinator over 2014-2018
Iowa Probation Revocations
This dataset contains information on offenders who violated probation and are being sent to prison (i.e., a probation revocation) beginning in fiscal year 2009. It provides information on sex, race & ethnicity, and age of those offenders.
HOGARES COMUNITARIOS MUNICIPIO DE GRANADA CUNDINAMARCA
lista de los hogares comunitarios aprobados dentro del municipio
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH31 B116 VETERANS PROSTHETIC APPLIANCES OCT2018
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAMS to provide, through purchase and/or fabrication, prosthetic and related appliances, equipment and services to eligible veterans so that they may live and work as productive citizens. Veterans eligible for prosthetic services are service-connected veterans seeking care for a service-connected disability; veterans with compensable service-connected disabilities generally rated 10 percent or more; former prisoners of war, veterans discharged or released from active military service for a disability that was incurred or aggravated in the line of duty, and veterans who are in receipt of Section 1151 benefits; veterans who are in receipt of increased pension based on a need of regular aid and attendance or by reason of being permanently housebound; veterans who have annual income and net worth below the "means test" threshold; all other veterans who are not required to pay a copayment for their care, i.e., veterans of the Mexican border period and World War I, compensated zero (0) percent service-connected veterans who are receiving statutory awards, veterans exposed to a toxic substance, radiation or environmental hazard (limited to certain disabilities); and veterans who must pay a copayment for their care. Ineligible veterans are nonservice-connected veterans residing or sojourning in foreign lands.</p>
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS002
Driver Feedback Sign DFS002    Latitude: 53.47769  Longitude: -113.409009    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Hospital-Level Rates for Post-Operative Respiratory Failure (AHRQ PSI-11)
Hospital-Level Rates for AHRQ PSI-11: Post-Operative Respiratory Failure (data period: July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2012)
Tarifas Vigentes de Transporte Público
Tarifas en servicio de transporte público colectivo e individual
Registro de Proyectos Departamental 2018
Se relaciona matriz de registro de proyectos departamentales 2018
Medicare Hospice Use and Spending by State Aggregate Report, CY 2015
The Hospice Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Hospice PUF) provides information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries by hospice providers. The Hospice PUF contains information on utilization, payment (Medicare payment and standard payment), submitted charges, primary diagnoses, sites of service, and hospice beneficiary demographics organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number) and state. This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Hospice PUF covers calendar year 2015 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) hospice claims for the Medicare population including beneficiaries enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan.
Inscritos por metodología 2019-1
Inscritos por metodología para el periodo 2019-1
2017 -2018 Diversity Report K - 8 School
Demographic information on DOE schools with grades K-8
Fire & Rescue Personnel Responses: 2012 - 2018
One record for each emergency response by a Fire Department member, including rank and career / volunteer / contingent status of personnel which responded. This is an expansion of data available in the Howard County Fire And Rescue Incidents data set. Further detail is available in the Howard County Fire and Rescue Personnel Responses data set.
Planes Ordenamiento y Manejo Ambiental
Planes de Ordenación y Manejo Ambiental de las Cuencas Hidrográficas de la jurisdicción de CORPOBOYACA
EDTIF Program Totals Utah 2013
Approved in 2005, EDTIF is a state incentive program that allows local governments to create “economic development zones” in order to encourage job creation and capital investment. New or existing businesses creating new jobs or significant capital investment within these zones may apply for a partial rebate (30%) for up to 20 years of taxes paid to the state. The rebate may apply to “new state income” generated by the job growth or capital investment, including the payroll tax of the new employees, corporate income tax, and sales tax. Qualifying companies must create new jobs paying at least the median state wage.
JAC RURAL DEL MUNICIPIO DE APARTADO ANTIOQUIA
JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL APARTADO ANTIOQUIA
Street Right-of-Way
Legally defined right-of-way boundary for streets within Mesa planning area (won’t include recorded or permitted right-of-way). Data represents street ROW from the City’s inception and is continually updated as changes or additions are made. Related dataset is Street Centerline located at https://data.mesaaz.gov/dataset/Street-Centerline/9uib-89q3.
Ejecución Presupuestal de Gastos Alcaldía de Leticia vigencia 2019
Ejecución presupuestal consolidada de los gastos generada en la vigencia 2019 de la Alcaldía de Leticia
INFORMACION TURISTICA DEL MUNICIPIO IZA-BOYACA
Información de los sitios turisticos del de Municipio de Iza  con su descripción y ubicación.
Illegal Dumping in LA County  (2015-2017)
Data was sourced from LA County DPW illegal dumping reports for LA County unincorporated areas from 2015-17. Data includes location of illegal dumping site (by address) and days between the day the complaint was received and the date the waste was picked up. Data does not include complaints from other jurisdictions.
OHRM - Disability Hires
Percent of all new hires (01XX NOAs) that had a disability (not equal to 05 disability code)
Clasificación Activos de Información
Contiene la Información de la clasificación de los activos de Información
USA SPENDING LGY B114 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS FEB2019
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located.</p>
Transit Strategy - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the July 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1089&as=Fz1YZ2114S&t=1    Open from July 12 - 19, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6468 Insight Community Members. 2500 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 39%. A total of 2537 respondents completed the survey: 2500 Insight Community Members and 37 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Missouri First Reports of Injury by Body Parts - Trunk
First reports of injury filed reporting an injury to the trunk.
Social Accounting Matrix (SAM) for Paraguay 2009
Social Accounting Matrix (SAM) for Paraguay for the year 2009 with 37 activities and 51 products.  <br><br><b>Click here to access the data:  https://mydata.iadb.org/Economics/Social-Accounting-Matrix-SAM-for-Paraguay-2009/8gbp-twbk</b></br></br>
MATRICULADOS PRIMERA VEZ POR SEDE 2018-2
Matriculados por primera vez identificando la sede de la Universidad del Quindio en el periodo 2018-2
Love Your Block Project Data (with cumulative hours)
Reported data only. Data unavailable for Fiscal Year 2015-2016.
Directorio de los colegios públicos y privados
Directorio de los colegios públicos y privados (certificados por secretaria de educación)
Crime Statistics By City
Open Michigan (OpenMichigan@michigan.gov) is the official State of Michigan account.  Any items created by other user accounts are not endorsed by the State of Michigan.
Utah School District HS Graduation Rates 2011-2013
This data set contains graduation rates for Utah high schools and charter schools.
AMABLE - Tabla Planes de Reasentamiento
AMABLE - Sistema Estratégico de Transporte Público SETP Armenia
2018 - 2019  Average Class Size Report School K-8
2018-19 Preliminary Class Size Report School K-8 Average Class Size   General Education and Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) classes and course sections with more than 100 students or fewer than seven students are excluded from this report, as are self-contained courses with fewer than two students
Eastern Box Turtles
The high, domed carapace is dark with a radiating pattern of yellow or orange. Plastron with flexible hinge, allowing complete shell closure. Head and legs with yellow markings. Male usually has red eyes and concave plastron.
FORMATO DE INVENTARIO DE TRÁMITES
FORMATO DE INVENTARIO DE TRÁMITES :Reportados en el Sistema Electrónico de Administración de Información de trámites SUIT.
CityCouncilDistricts
<DIV STYLE="text-align:Left;"><DIV><DIV><P><SPAN>New Orleans City Council Districts, effective May 5, 2014 Voters placed in the districts displayed on January 1, 2014 for all future elections. Council districts are based upon the 2010 census and redistricting. Precincts are drawn according to the New Orleans Home Rule Charter. Precinct boundaries were updated September 25, 2015, in order to satisfy population changes discovered by the Orleans Registrar of Voters Office. The changes have been made by the City of New Orleans and verified by the Louisiana Secretary of State's Office.</SPAN></P></DIV></DIV></DIV>
Títulos Académicos Personal Contratista con funciones administrativas Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca
Conjunto de datos abiertos que contiene información de títulos académicos obtenidos por el personal contratista con funciones administrativas, de la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor del Cauca, en los niveles tecnológicos, pregrado y posgrado año 2019.
Application for State Aid
List of project in construction that SCA is applying for aid - these dollars are estimated.
Población del Regimen contributivo del Municipio de Medellín con corte a diciembre de 2015
Población del Régimen contributivo del Municipio de Medellín con corte a diciembre de  2015  por EPS, Edad y sexo.
Comment on Water Quality Copper Standards Rulemaking
DEQ invites the public to comment on revisions to the water quality copper standards from Aug. 1, 2016 until Sept. 15, 2016.   Note: Comments received outside this time period will not be considered.
Downtown Brooklyn Partnership (DBP)/ Court-Livingston-Schermerhorn (CLS)  Retail Locations
List of retail location in the DBP/CLS district
Trinity River Restoration Potential Instream Habitat Capacity by Stream Reach
InPort Dataset ID: 20568 InPort Entity ID: 33392 Instream Habitat Capacity by Stream Reach.
Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts FY2018 (Service At Location)
An agency-verified dataset of City-funded contracted social service provision locations.  This is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Verified+Locations+for+NYC+City-Funded+Social+Service+Contracts'>Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts collection</a>.
RELACIÓN PROCESOS JUDICIALES 2019
Informe sobre las demandas contra la entidad que incluye: Número de demandas, estado en que se encuentra y cuantía de la demanda.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS021
Driver Feedback Sign DFS021  Latitude: 53.595875 Longitude: -113.402448  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Dengue por Barrios enero 2019 Municipio Los Patios
Dengue por Barrios enero 2019 municipio los Patios.
Centros de relevo - Usuarios
Centros de relevo - Usuarios
Construction Contracts: ODOT: Fiscal Year 2013
Summary of Oregon Department of Transportation construction contracts that are not in ORPIN for Fiscal Year 2013.
Texas Tax-Exempt Entities
This file contains a list of nonprofit and other types of organizations that hold state tax exemption from Sales and Use tax, Franchise tax, and Hotel Occupancy tax. Statewide group organizations might have one listing with “All Branches” as the city, rather than a separate listing for each local chapter.
Entidades / Representantes / Categorización Municipios
En este conjunto de datos se podrá encontrar información de la categorización de los municipios, nombre del representante e información complementaria como número de contacto y página web (donde aplique)
Registro de Activos de Información Alcaldía de Aguazul
Registro de Activos de Información Alcaldía de Aguazul de las diferentes dependencias.
1 July - 31 Dec 2013 Calls For Service
PRR 11288 Calls for Service
FOIA Request Log - Chicago Treasurer's Office
FOIA requests received by the Chicago Treasurer's Office as of May 1, 2010
Procesos Administrativos Sancionatorios 2015 - 2018
Procesos Administrativos Sancionatorios 2015 - 2018
Juvenile Detention Admission by Race Data
Ramsey County Community Corrections juvenile detention admissions by race.
Sitios Turisticos del Socorro
Relación de los lugares catalogados como sitios de interes o turisticos en el municipio del Socorro
Persons Accidentally Struck By Gunfire
Incidents in which a person was accidentally struck by gunfire when a deputy shot at an animal, had an unintentional discharge, fired a warning shot, or fired at an object, such as a vehicle’s tires.
2017 - 2018 Bullying Harassment Dicrimination Bi- Annual Report
Department of Education Bullying Harassment Discrimination Bi-Annual Report
Street Sweeping Schedule - 2013
Street sweeping schedule by Ward and Ward sections number. To find your Ward section, visit http://bit.ly/Hz0aCo. For more information about the City's Street Sweeping program, go to http://bit.ly/H2PHUP.
ARCHIVED - RCCL 2.4 Permits Issued By Issuance Type and County FY08- FY17
Residential Child Care Licensing (RCCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
NYPD Arrests Data (Historic)
List of every arrest in NYC going back to 2006 through the end of the previous calendar year. This is a breakdown of every arrest effected in NYC by the NYPD going back to 2006 through the end of the previous calendar year. This data is manually extracted every quarter and reviewed by the Office of Management Analysis and Planning before being posted on the NYPD website. Each record represents an arrest effected in NYC by the NYPD and includes information about the type of crime, the location and time of enforcement.  In addition, information related to suspect demographics is also included.  This data can be used by the public to explore the nature of police enforcement activity.  Please refer to the attached data footnotes for additional information about this dataset.
FY15 APPR Each Program Approved Changes NDA
FY15 APPR Each Program Approved Changes NDA
Monthly PageView Statistics
Web analytics for mesaaz.gov and mesanow.org
Transparency - Utah Local Government Expense 2015
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
BLS Data
Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics
Bronx CUNY campuses
Locations of Bronx CUNY schools and campuses
FY2013 F65 Village
F-65 Data Summary Villages 2013
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS011
Driver Feedback Sign DFS011    Latitude: 53.546135  Longitude: -113.544275    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Access to Healthy Food
Percentage of total population within a designated area that is identified as both “low income”  and having “low access” to healthy food. Low income is defined as Low income is defined as having an annual family income  at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty threshold. Low access is defined as population that is beyond 1 mile for urban areas or 10 miles for rural areas from a supermarket.  Note that there are many ways to measure food access for individuals and for neighborhoods,  and many ways to define which areas are food deserts (neighborhoods that lack healthy food sources).  Explore the USDA Food Access Research Atlas for more information: https://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/food-access-research-atlas/.
Entidades Sin Animo de Lucro Activas Armenia
Tenga en cuenta que la información contenida en la base de datos ha sido obtenida por esta Cámara con ocasión a la función registral prevista en el Decreto 1074 de 2015, el cual dispone que las Cámaras de Comercio tienen dentro de sus funciones, llevar los registros públicos encomendados a ellas por la ley y certificar sobre los actos y documentos allí inscritos. Así mismo, la producción de bases de datos, se encuentra amparada en las funciones asignadas por la ley a las Cámaras, las cuales nos permiten prestar servicios de información empresarial.  Todos los datos contenidos en el archivo entregado, tienen la calidad de datos públicos, en los términos definidos por el numeral 2.2.2.25.1.3. del Decreto 1074 de 2015 y no han requerido autorización previa por parte del titular para su tratamiento debido a su naturaleza pública.  Recuerde que una vez nuestra entidad le hace entrega de esta base de datos, se origina una nueva base de datos para quien la adquiere, convirtiéndolo a usted en responsable de la información conforme lo dispuesto en la Ley 1581 de 2012 (Ley de Protección de datos personales), quedando obligado a las disposiciones allí contenidas para todos sus efectos
Salaries: ESD: Malheur: Fiscal Year 2014
Salaries as reported by Malheur Educational Service District for Fiscal Year 2014
Workforce and Economic Development (2010-2013)
Most indicators throughout Vital Signs are created by acquiring and analyzing data collected from governmental agencies for some public administration purpose, such as 311 calls or housing inspections. However, data from the United States Bureau of the Census remains the best source for demographic and socioeconomic indicators for neighborhoods. The Census Bureau collects a wide variety of information through administration of both the decennial Census and the annual American Community Survey (ACS).
Museums
This data set shows the location of museums within the City of Baltimore. However, this is not a complete list.
DCA Monthly Compliance Report Date for Process Servers
This data set features a list of randomly generated dates used for auditing Process Servers required to complete DCA’s Monthly Compliance Report under a signed consent order.   Some licensed process serving agencies agreed to a Department of Consumer Affairs (DCA) consent order and must use DCA’s Monthly Compliance Report to comply with the review and report requirements. Each month, DCA posts a randomly generated audit date that these process serving agencies should use to answer Questions 30, 31, and 32, for every process server who served process on behalf of the agency during the previous month.  The dates are selected at random every month.  Each record in the dataset represents a calendar month.  If the process server did not serve on either the randomly generated audit date or the alternate date selected then responses to questions 30, 31, and 32 must be based on the last day of the month that the process server did serve process.
Utilization and Payments to the Nova Scotia Prosthetic Programs
The Nova Scotia Prosthetic Programs provides eligible residents of Nova Scotia coverage for the following programs: Breast Protheses, Limb Prostheses, and Ocular Prostheses. Includes the following data fields: Program, Fiscal Year, Services Rendered, Amount Paid, Beneficiaries, Paid Per Service, Services per Beneficiary, Paid per Beneficiary
Usuarios Servicio de Acueducto por Mes, Uso y Estrato - Funza Cundinamarca
Cantidad de Usuarios del servicio de Acueducto en Funza (Cundinamarca) provisto por la EMAAF ESP; discriminados por mes, uso y estrato.
1000 Empresas mas grandes del país
Base de datos que refleja el resultado de la información financiera de las 1.000 empresas más grandes por ingresos operacionales* para el año 2018, y su comparativo año 2017, del sector real no financiero. El análisis se efectúa con la información financiera separada o individual (No se utiliza información consolidada), de las empresas supervisadas por la Superintendencia de Sociedades,  Superintendencia Financiera, Superintendencia Nacional de Salud, Superintendencia de Servicios Públicos y Superintendencia de Vigilancia y Seguridad Privada.
MTA Fare Data Dec 22-28 2012
Fare collection amounts for the week of Dec 22-28, 2012
MDOT Performance Dashboard - Annual Data
Set of annual MDOT perfromance data including port, transit, bridge and highway condition, and MVA branch office wait time data.
Planning Permits 2016 to May 2020 - Data set no longer updated
This dataset contains planning permits for the City of Little Rock from January 2016 to May 2020.  This dataset has been replaced with https://data.littlerock.gov/Economic-Development/Planning-Development-Permits/57z8-xxne
Provider of Services - OTHER - March 2017
The POS file contains data on characteristics of hospitals and other types of healthcare facilities, including the name and address of the facility and the type of Medicare services the facility provides, among other information.  The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. The data is an invaluable resource to a variety of stakeholders, including researchers and application developers.
Fall Enrollment By Race Ethnicity And Gender By School District Utah 2007
Fall Enrollment By Race Ethnicity And Gender By School District Utah 2007
All Payer Patient Safety Indicators (PSI) Volume Measures by Hospital: Calendar Year 2015
The datasets contain hospital discharges counts (numerators, denominators, volume counts), observed, expected and risk-adjusted rates with corresponding 95% confidence intervals for Patient Safety Indicators generated using methodology developed by Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).    The PSIs are a set of indicators providing information on potential in hospital complications and adverse events following surgeries, procedures, and childbirth. The PSIs were developed by AHRQ after a comprehensive literature review, analysis of ICD-9-CM codes, review by a clinician panel, implementation of risk adjustment, and empirical analyses.    All PSI measures were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data beginning 2009. US Census data files provided by AHRQ were used to derive denominators for county level (area level) PSI measures.    The mortality, volume and utilization measures PSIs are presented by hospital as rates or counts. Area-level measures are presented by county as rates.
2017 Utah Provider Payment Comparison: Hospital Inpatient MS-DRG
This dataset contains information about cost at the provider level for inpatient hospital stays.  These data are intended “to facilitate the promotion and accessibility of quality and cost-effective health care.”
Matricula Estudiantes  Afectados Por La Violencia
Estudiantes matriculados en la ciudad de Pereira afectados por la violencia
SamTrans Service for Youth Elderly Disabled
SamTrans Service for Youth Elderly Disabled, NDSST Measure K
Estudiantes ingresados y egresados de carreras afines a las tecnologías de la información y las comunicaciones en Tunja - Vigencia 2019
Estudiantes ingresados y egresados de carreras afines a las tecnologías de la información y las comunicaciones en las instituciones educativas de educación superior de la ciudad de Tunja - Vigencia 2019
LUGARES DE MAYOR ACCIDENTALIDAD EN IBAGUE
REPORTE SRIA. MOVILIDAD y TRANSITO- LUGARES MAYOR ACCIDENTALIDAD IBAGUE Ene-sept-2019
City Cultural Centers Audit Community Survey - Summary Data
This table contains data from the community survey conducted as part of an Audit of the City's Cultural Centers. We surveyed members of the Austin community using a survey developed by the audit team. Survey questions generally asked respondents' opinions on cultural center programs, staff, fees, and facilities. The survey opened January 3 and closed January 27, 2020. Austin community members were invited to take the survey through social media outreach and direct email invitations. The survey and outreach materials were written in English and translated into Spanish, Vietnamese, and Simplified Chinese. A total of 1,330 community members responded to the survey. Respondents were asked only to respond for centers they had visited in the last two years and could respond for more than one center. In this summary of question responses, those who selected "strongly agree" or "agree" were included in the total for "agree" and those who selected "strongly disagree" or "disagree" were included in the total for "disagree." Percentages may not total 100 due to rounding.
Vital Signs: Jobs by Industry – by metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Jobs by Industry (EC1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Employment by place of work by industry sector  LAST UPDATED July 2019  DESCRIPTION Jobs by industry refers to both the change in employment levels by industry and the proportional mix of jobs by economic sector. This measure reflects the changing industry trends that affect our region’s workers.  DATA SOURCE California Employment Development Department: Current Employment Statistics 1990-2017 http://www.labormarketinfo.edd.ca.gov/  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) The California Employment Development Department (EDD) provides estimates of employment by place of work and by industry. Industries are classified by their North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code. Vital Signs aggregates employment into 11 industry sectors: Farm, Mining, Logging and Construction, Manufacturing, Trade, Transportation and Utilities, Information, Financial Activities, Professional and Business Services, Educational and Health Services, Leisure and Hospitality, Government, and Other. EDD counts all public-sector jobs under Government, including public transportation, public schools, and public hospitals. The Other category includes service jobs such as auto repair and hair salons and organizations such as churches and social advocacy groups. Employment in the technology sector are classified under three categories: Professional and Business Services, Information, and Manufacturing. The latter category includes electronic and computer manufacturing. For further details of typical firms found in each sector, refer to the 2012 NAICS Manual (http://www.census.gov/cgi-bin/sssd/naics/naicsrch?chart=2012).  The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) provides industry estimates for non-Bay Area metro areas. Their main industry employment estimates, the Current Employment Survey and Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages, do not provide annual estimates of farm employment. To be consistent, the metro comparison evaluates nonfarm employment for all metro areas, including the Bay Area. Industry shares are thus slightly different for the Bay Area between the historical trend and metro comparison sections.  The location quotient (LQ) is used to evaluate level of concentration or clustering of an industry within the Bay Area and within each county of the region. A location quotient greater than 1 means there is a strong concentration for of jobs in an industry sector. For the Bay Area, the LQ is calculated as the share of the region’s employment in a particular sector divided by the share of the nation’s employment in that same sector. Because BLS does not provide national farm estimates, note that there is no LQ for regional farm employment. For each county, the LQ is calculated as the share of the county’s employment in a particular sector divided by the share of the region’s employment in that same sector.
Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Obesity - National Immunization Survey (Breastfeeding)
This dataset includes breastfeeding data from the National Immunization Survey (NIS). This data is used for DNPAO's Data, Trends, and Maps database, which provides national and state specific data on obesity, nutrition, physical activity, and breastfeeding. For more information about breastfeeding and NIS visit https://www.cdc.gov/breastfeeding/data/nis_data/index.htm.
PIB municipal del departamento de Caldas del año 2000-2016
El observatorio Económico de Caldas conformado por la Secretaria de Planeación Departamental junto con CAMACOL sede Caldas y la Cámara de Comercio por Manizales, presentan las cifras de Producto Interno Bruto (PIB) de los municipios de Caldas para el periodo 2000 - 2016
Overnight Parking Restrictions
Overnight Parking of Large Vehicles in Residential Areas.From Ord. #2014-49s:No person shall park or leave standing any semi-trailer, trailer, tractor, truck tractor, boxtruck or commercial vehicle having a gross vehicle weight rating (GVWR) exceeding 16,001 pounds or any trailer in excess of 20 feet in length within the public right-of-way between the hours of 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. within a residential area except for construction and utility repair vehicles operating in the right-of-way with approval of the County Engineer.  All users should read the metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_overnight_parking_restrictions.html). Data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Special Loans Closed By County FY10- FY13
The Special Loans Program rehabilitates homes of moderate income maryland homeowners across the state in cooperation with the Local Government agencies  Types of rehabilitation include accessibility modifications for senior and disabled occupants, bringing electrical and/or plumbing systems to state and local codes,   making roof and structural repairs, and in exceptional cases replacing an uninhabitable dwelling with a modest living structure.
2011-2012 CLASS SIZE REPORT CITY LEVEL DISTRIBUTION
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Prevention Quality Indicator (PQI) Composite Measure Rates by County, 2008-2015
Rate per 100,000; rates are adjusted for age and sex.    PQI measures are used to monitor performance over time or across regions and populations using patient data found in a typical hospital discharge abstract. PQI measures can be used to summarize quality across multiple indicators, improve ability to detect differences, identify important domains and drivers of quality, prioritize action for quality improvement, make current decisions about future and unknown health care needs.   Overall Composite (PQI #90) is comprised of: all PQI measures within the Chronic and Acute Composites.    Chronic Composite (PQI #92) is comprised of: PQI #01 Diabetes Short-Term Complications Admission Rate, PQI #03 Diabetes Long-Term Complications Admission Rate, PQI #05 Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) or Asthma in Older Adults Admission Rate, PQI #07 Hypertension Admission Rate, PQI #08 Congestive Heart Failure (CHF) Admission Rate, PQI #13 Angina without Procedure Admission Rate, PQI #14 Uncontrolled Diabetes Admission Rate, PQI #15 Asthma in Younger Adults Admission Rate, PQI #16 Rate of Lower-Extremity Amputation Among Patients With Diabetes,     Acute Composite (PQI #91) is comprised of: PQI #10 Dehydration Admission Rate, PQI #11 Bacterial Pneumonia Admission Rate, and PQI #12 Urinary Tract Infection Admission Rate.    NOTE: PQI Version Change in 2012. Previous numbers for 2012 have been overwritten. Trends may not be accurate between 2011 and 2012.
Motor Vehicle Occupant Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 8 - Denver
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for motor vehicle occupants killed in crashes, 2012 & 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Chicago Public Schools - School Profile Information SY1617
School profile information for all schools in the Chicago Public School district for the school year 2016-2017.
PLN_OPTSUPP_CTGRY_LKP [impl]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_OPTSUPP_CTGRY_LKP [impl], released on 2020-10-22.
Leaf Drop-Off Locations in NYC
Locations where NYC residents can drop off their leaves to be composted. For more information, see: https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dsny/site/services/food-scraps-and-yard-waste-page/community-leaf-drop-off. Please note that effective April 2, 2020, community gardens on NYC Parks property may remain open or closed to garden members only at the discretion of each garden group, and only for necessary maintenance and season preparation. Due to the relatively small spaces in most gardens and the difficulty in achieving safe social distancing of 6 feet or more, gardens must remain closed to the general public. For more info, see: https://greenthumb.nycgovparks.org/news.html?news_id=468
Grasshopper Infested Acreage By Land Ownership By Counties In Utah
This data set contains
Napa County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Napa County.
Pierce County Survey Results
In May 2018, Pierce County initiated a research study designed to obtain benchmark data regarding county residents.  In November 2018, Pierce County conducted a follow-up study to track changes in specific measures.  illuminate Market Research & Planning designed both studies to provide Pierce County with data on the following specific objectives:  - Gauge residents’ satisfaction with Pierce County in several key areas - Measure residents’ feelings of safety in their homes and their community at large - Assess perceptions of Pierce County’s growth - Determine relative importance of proposed Pierce County initiatives - Develop a demographic profile of county residents ― both overall and by district
December 2016 Parking Revenue And Sources
Data shows parking revenue by zone, revenue, and transaction type.
USA SPENDING C&P B104 PENSION FOR NON-SERVICE CONNECTED FOR VETERANS NOV2018
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to assist wartime veterans in need whose non-service- connected disabilities are permanent and total preventing them from following a substantially gainful occupation. A Veteran who meets the wartime service requirements is potential eligible if he/she is: • permanently and totally disabled for reasons not necessarily due to service, • age 65 or older, or • is presumed to be totally and permanently disabled for pension purposes because: o he/she is a patient in a nursing home for long-term care due to a disability, or o being disabled, as determined by the Commissioner of Social Security (SS) for purposes of any benefits administered by the Commissioner, such as SS disability benefits or Supplemental Security Income. Income restrictions are prescribed in 38 U.S.C. 1521. Pension is not payable to those whose estates are so large that it is reasonable they use the estate for maintenance. A Veteran meets wartime service requirements if he/she served: • a total of 90 days or more during one or more periods of war; • 90 or more consecutive days that began or ended during a period of war; or • for any length of time during a period of war if he/she was discharged or released for a service-connected disability. Veterans entering service after September 7, 1980, must also meet the minimum active duty requirement of 24 months of continuous service or the full period to which the Veteran was called to active duty. (38 U.S.C.5303(A)).</p>
2018 - 2019 Students in Temporary Housing School Level Report
School-level data on enrollment of students in temporary housing
ESTADÍSTICAS DE CAPTURAS DE MAYO 2019 INSPECCIÓN DE POLICÍA MUNICIPIO DE LOS PATIOS
Estadísticas de Capturas de Mayo 2019 Inspección  de Policía del Municipio de los Patios.
prospectiva académica del municipio en IETA
total de potencial estudiantil que cuenta el municipio en su institución educativa
2008 Special May - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
May 2008 special election; final/official results by precinct.
Austin Water - Dillo Dirt Vendors
List of companies that have registered with Austin Water to purchase wholesale Dillo Dirt from the utility and offer retail sales of Dillo Dirt to the public.
Motor Vehicle Occupant Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, Region 6 - Dallas
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for motor vehicle occupants killed in crashes, 2012 & 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
Resultados Pre Saber
Resultados Asociados al examen Pre Saber
Juntas de Acción Comunal en el Departamento del Departamento del Cesar
Juntas de Acción Comunal en el Departamento del Departamento del Cesar
Water Quality IMD
9/1/2015-9/25/2015: DEQ invites the public to comment on the proposed Water Quality Trading Internal Management Directive.
Homicide death rate among 20-34 year old persons (per 100,000), New Jersey, by data year: Beginning 2009-2011,
Rate: Homicide deaths per 100,000 persons aged 20-24    Definition: Deaths where homicide is indicated as the underlying cause of death. Homicide is defined as death resulting from the intentional use of force or power, threatened or actual, against another person, group, or community. ICD-10 Codes: X85-Y09, Y87.1 (homicide)    Data Source:    1) Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    2) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
Emergency Preparedness and Communications - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the April Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=254&t=1. Open from April 14 - 22, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to *** Insight Community Members. 947 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 979 respondents completed the survey: 947 Insight Community Members and 32 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Real Property Tax - 2019
This data represents all of the County’s residential real estate properties and all of the associated tax charges and credits with that property processed at the annual billing in July of each year, excluding any subsequent billing additions and/or revisions throughout the year. This dataset excludes the names of the property owners. The addresses in this database represent the address of the property. For more information about the individual taxes and credits, please go to http://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/finance/taxes/faqs.html#credit.   Update Frequency: Updated Annually in July
State Park And Visitation Totals 2008
State Park And Visitation Totals 2008
PLAN INDICATIVO Primer Trimestre 2018
Conjunto de datos que contiene el avance en la ejecución de los programas y proyectos del Plan de Desarrollo "Itagüí Avanza con equidad para todos" para el primer trimestre de la Vigencia 2018
AFSC/ABL: Adult Pink Salmon Predation in Prince William Sound and Southeast Alaska, 2009-2011
The project objectives were to assess potential salmon predation impact on juvenile salmon and herring by: (1) comparing diets of adult pink salmon during their homing migrations using samples taken from surface trawls in SEAK straits and purse seines in SEAK and PWS; (2) contrasting predation incidence of these abundant pink salmon with the less abundant, more piscivorous adult coho and immature (age-1+) Chinook salmon in SEAK straits; and (3) examining potential climate mechanisms that could influence predator-prey match-mismatch by altering life history patterns of growth, migration timing, or stock-specific characteristics.
SHIP Pedestrian Injury Rate on Public Roads 2009-2017
This indicator shows the rate of pedestrian injuries on public roads per 100,000 population. Maintaining pedestrian safety is a key element in preventing motor vehicle injuries and fatalities. Children are especially at risk for pedestrian injuries and fatalities.
2015 San Diego County Demographics - Race and Ethnicity
The number and percent of the population stratified by race/ethnicity. API refers to Asian/ Pacific Islanders and include Asian, Pacific Islander, and Native Hawaiian. Other Race includes American Indian or Alaska Native, 2 or more races, and other. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B03002.
Housing Balance March 2016
The Board of Supervisors passed Ordinance No. 53-15 requiring the San Francisco Planning Department to monitor and report bi-annually on the Housing Balance between new market rate housing and new affordable housing production.
GRADUADOS POR GENERO 2018-2
Clasificación por genero para los graduados en el periodo 2018-2
NYC Clean Heat Dataset (Historical)
NYC Clean Heat dataset
Development Projects in Grand Junction Colorado 2019
2019 Development Projects in Grand Junction, Colorado.
Patient Characteristics Survey (PCS): 2017
The number of persons described by survey year (2017) reported in OMH Region‐specific totals (Region of Provider) and three demographic characteristics of the client served during the week of the survey: sex (Male, Female, and Unknown), Transgender (No, Not Transgender; Yes, Transgender and Unknown), age (below 17 (Child), 18 and above(Adult) and unknown age) and race (White only, Black Only, Multi‐racial, Other and Unknown race) and ethnicity (Non‐Hispanic, Hispanic, Client Did Not Answer and Unknown). Persons with Hispanic ethnicity are grouped as “Hispanic,” regardless of race or races reported.
2016 Annual Crime Data
AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided is for informational use only and is not considered official APD crime data as in official Texas DPS or FBI crime reports. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
2010 Census Tract to Neighborhood Tabulation Area Equivalency table
Excel table of census data created to project populations at the Neighborhood Tabulation Area, a small area level, from 2000 to 2030 for PlaNYC, the long-term sustainability plan for New York City
Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Modules F-G, Hunger Scale and Women's Empowerment: Section 2
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the second spreadsheet of five in the Feed The Future Interim Population-Based Assessment of Cambodia, Modules F-G, Hunger Scale and Women's Empowerment.
Promoción de lectura Alcaldía de los Patios 2019
Talleres de Promoción de Lectura a niños, jóvenes y adultos del Municipio de los Patios.
ED Private Industry Employment and Wages
Average annual employment and pay, and total annual wages, by 2-digit NAICS private-sector industries.
Budget - 2012 Budget Ordinance - Appropriations
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1. This dataset details the budgeted expenditures in the Ordinance and identifies them by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds. Owner: Budget and Management. Frequency: Data is updated annually. For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
BASE DE DATOS DE FUNCIONARIOS ALCALDIA DE ZIPAQUIRA
Listado de los funcionarios públicos de la Alcaldía de Zipaquirá
Vital Signs: Time Spent In Congestion – by metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Time Spent In Congestion (T7)  FULL MEASURE NAME Congested delay on regional freeways  LAST UPDATED May 2017  DESCRIPTION Time spent in traffic congestion – also known as congested delay – refers to the number of minutes weekday travelers spend in congested conditions in which freeway speeds drop below 35 mph. Total delay, a companion measure, includes both congested delay and all other delay in which speeds are below the posted speed limit.  DATA SOURCE Texas Transportation Institute (unpublished analysis) 2011 Used for freeway ratio calculation  Texas Transportation Institute Urban Mobility Scorecard 2014 http://mobility.tamu.edu/ums/  U.S. Census Bureau: Intercensal Estimates http://www.census.gov/popest/data/intercensal/  U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics:  Metro Area Employment http://www.bls.gov/sae/  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Delay statistics only include freeway facilities and rely upon INRIX traffic data. They reflect delay on a typical weekday, which is defined as Tuesday through Thursday during peak traffic months. Delay statistics emphasize recurring delay - i.e. consistent delay greater than 15 minutes on a specific freeway segment. Congested delay is defined as congestion occurring with speeds less than 35 mph and is commonly recognized as inefficient delay (meaning that the freeway corridor is operating at speeds low enough to reduce throughput - as opposed to speeds greater than 35 mph which increase throughput). Data sources listed above were used to calculate per-capita and per-worker statistics; national datasets were used for metro comparisons and California datasets were used for the Bay Area. Top congested corridors are ranked by total vehicle hours of delay, meaning that the highlighted corridors reflect a combination of slow speeds and heavy traffic volumes. Historical Bay Area data was estimated by MTC Operations staff using a combination of internal datasets to develop an approximate trend back to 1998. The metropolitan area comparison was performed for the combined primary urbanized areas (San Francisco-Oakland and San Jose) as well as nine other major metropolitan areas' core urbanized area. Because the Texas Transportation Institute no longer reports congested freeway delay or total freeway delay (focusing solely on total regional delay), 2011 data was used to estimate 2014 total freeway delay for each metro area by relying upon the freeway-to-regional ratio from 2011. Estimated urbanized area workers were used for this analysis using the 2011 ratios, which accounts for slight differentials between Bay Area data points under the regional historical data and the metro comparison analysis. To explore how 2016 congestion trends compare to real-time congestion on the region’s freeways, visit 511.org.
ORPIN - Expired Contracts: FY 2019 - 2012  Composite
This is a composite dataset containing a list of ORPIN contracts that expired between July 1, 2012 and June 30, 2019 (sort by agency number). Note: Within the ORPIN system, the contract start date may be different than the contract issued date, which is the date the data entry was completed and the contract was entered in the ORPIN system. For more information go to the Oregon Transparency Website. https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx
2018 Proposed Budget Sidebar Information
Proposed Budget Sidebar Information 2018
Registro de Activos de Información Contraloría General de Santiago de Cali
Registro de Activos de Informacion de la Contraloría General de santiago de Cali
Richmond Police Department - Citations
Citations issued by the Richmond Police Department for traffic and other code violations. Data pre-2018 may not be imported properly, due to a change in records management systems. Location column has been randomized within a 200ft range of the original location for privacy reasons.
Discharged Children With Permanency Maintained 12 Months:  Annual Trend By Age Group
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of child placement episodes that ended with a legal discharge from DCF care, and for whom the end of a 12 month observation period (starting with their legal discharge date) terminated during the SFY.  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, by their Age Group, and by whether another placement episode for that child began within 12 months of their discharge from care or not.  It would be appropriate to roll up the data from all variables across multiple time periods, as they represent specific events in the lives of these children.  These data form the basis of measurement for the Juan F. Consent Decree Exit Plan Outcome #11: Permanency Maintained (No Re-Entry), although those figures are reported to the DCF Court Monitor on a quarterly rather than annual schedule.
Seniors Needs Assessment Survey - 2015
This data-set is from the 2015 Seniors Needs Assessment survey that inquired about participation in social, wellness, educational, creative and/or cultural activities; barriers to being more active; reasons for participation; volunteerism and barriers to volunteering; indicators of isolation; perceptions of safety and security; financial security; and ageing in place.    The results of this survey can be found in the following report found here:  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/documents/PDF/AFEAdultNeedsReport.pdf    Pages 87 to 98 refer to the survey questions asked of the recipients and correspond to the column names in the dataset.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).    Survey questions can also be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option in the Attachment section).  Note: Any survey question that is deemed free form text response would not be part of the survey results.
Worker's Compensation
Resolving Workers' Compensation petitions.
Escenarios deportivos
Datos de los escenarios deportivos que los ciudadanos pueden prestar en la Secretaría de Desarrollo Social del municipio
Inscritos por genero 2019-1
Genero de los estudiantes inscritos para el periodo 2019-1
Accidentes por clase tercer trimestre del año 2018 del Municipio de Candelaria Valle
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados la estadística de accidentes por clase en el tercer trimestre del año.
The Age Of Productivity: Transforming Economies from the Bottom Up - DIA 2010
This dataset was created to support 2010 DIA -  on the following topics: macroeconomics, productivity, services sectors    <br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/8j8z-82tz</b></br></br>
State Summary of Outpatient Charge Data by APCs, CY2016
The Outpatient Hospital Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Outpatient Hospital PUF) presents information on comprehensive APC (C-APC) services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient Hospital PUF presents information on the number of beneficiaries, number of APC services, hospitals' average total estimated submitted charges, the average Medicare allowed charges (which includes Medicare regular provider payments and beneficiary cost-sharing payments), the average Medicare regular provider payments, the number of APC services with outlier payments, and the average Medicare outlier provider payments among those services for 35 C-APC Groups paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for calendar year (CY) 2016 by state. The estimated average charges and the average Medicare payments are provided at the individual hospital level. The actual charges at an individual hospital for an individual service within these APC groups may differ.
Housing Element 2013-21 Table 3-30
Housing Inventory from the 2013-2021 Housing Element.
7/1/19 - 6/30/21 Secretary of State Financial Accounting (Preliminary - Updated 9/24/2020)
This report includes all Secretary of State non-payroll expenditures for the 2019-2021 budget (July 1, 2019 to June 30, 2021) that have been recorded as of September 24, 2020.
SFEC Form 3500 - Disclosure Report for Developers of Major City Projects Filings
Effective July 26, 2014, City law impose reporting requirements on developers of certain City real estate projects with an estimated construction cost of more than $1,000,000. Developers must file five forms with the Ethics Commission over the course of about a year disclosing donations to nonprofit organizations that have contacted City officials about their project. The first form is due within 30 days of certification of an Environmental Impact Report ("EIR") by a local agency or, if the project relies on a program EIR, within 30 days of the adoption of a final environmental determination under the California Environmental Quality Act. Disclosure is not required for a residential development project with four or fewer dwelling units. A disclosure report must be completed and filed by the developer of any "major project." A major project is a real estate development project located in the City and County of San Francisco with estimated construction costs exceeding $1,000,000 where either: The Planning Commission or any other local lead agency certifies an Environmental Impact Review ("EIR") for the project under the California Environmental Quality Act ("CEQA"); or The project relies on a program EIR and the Planning Department, Planning Commission, or any other local lead agency adopts any final environmental determination under CEQA. (See below to determine when a final environmental determination is adopted.)A major project does not include a residential development project with four or fewer dwelling units. For purposes of this filing requirement, a "developer" includes the individual or entity that is the project sponsor responsible for filing a completed Environmental Evaluation Application ("EEA") with the Planning Department (or other lead agency) under CEQA. However, if an individual who signs and submits the EEA will not be responsible for obtaining the entitlements or developing the major project, the developer is instead the individual or entity that is responsible for obtaining such entitlements. A developer must use the SFEC 3500 form to file a total of five reports with the Ethics Commission with respect to each major project. The first (or initial) report must be filed within 30 days of the date the Planning Commission or any other local lead agency certifies the EIR for that project or, for a major project relying on a program EIR, within 30 days of the date that the Planning Department, Planning Commission, or any other local lead agency adopts a final environmental determination under CEQA. The developer must also use this form to file four subsequent quarterly reports, beginning with the quarter in which in the initial report is filed. The due dates for the quarterly reports are: April 15 for the period starting January 1 and ending March 31; July 15 for the period starting April 1 and ending June 30;October 15 for the period starting July 1 and ending September 30; and January 15 for the period starting October 1 and ending December 31.
FY2016 MMR Agency Performance Indicators
NYC agency performance indicators from the FY16 Mayor's Management Report (MMR).  <i>Use ‘CSV for Excel’ when downloading this dataset and then sort in alphabetical order by Agency.<i>
HIV/AIDS transmission rate among adults and adolescents, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of new cases of HIV/AIDS infections per 100,000 population.      Definition: The rate of HIV transmission among adolescents and adults age 13+ per 100,000 population.    Data Source: New Jersey Enhanced HIV/AIDS Reporting System (eHARS) Division of HIV/AIDS, STD, and TB Services, New Jersey Department of Health
OD0053 Civil Service Voluntary Separations
Reports the total number of Civil Service voluntary separations by employees in the classified division for reasons of retirement or resignation. Classified Division includes permanent, probationary and provisional employees.
Registro de activos de información
Registro de los activos de información en la Entidad
City of Albany - 2019 Youth Summer Programs and Camps
The City of Albany has created a comprehensive map of Summer Programs and Camps for youth in the city. The information presented through openAlbany is based on data provided by Program Providers. This table provides the Provider Name, Program Name, Type of Program, Age of child, Start and End Date, Start and End Time, Cost, Lunch Program, Transportation Provided, Phone Number and a link to the provider’s website. This map can be filtered by Provider Name, Type of Program, Age, Cost, etc., and can be downloaded. Blue icons represent all programs provided by the City of Albany Department of Recreation, Purple icons represent locations that provide Free Summer Meals while Orange icons represent every other program providers in the City. Please note that this data is subject to change; data is likely to show changes as we received more information from program providers or community organizations. Click here to have your program added to the map: https://bit.ly/2ZMMGCl
CJFJC - DSHS/DCS
Survivors can meet with a representative from the Department of Social and Health Services and/or the Department of Child Services on-site.
Colecciones Referenciadas
Este conjunto de datos lista las colecciones referenciadas disponibles para consulta en el Centro de Documentación de la Corporación Autónoma Regional de Los Valles del Sinú y del San Jorge - Categoría colecciones referenciadas
Census Planning Database - Tract - Hard to Count Shapefile
The Census Planning Database is produced by the U.S. Census Bureau. It assembles a range of housing, demographic, socioeconomic, and census operational data that can be used for survey and census planning.   The Planning Database uses selected Census and selected 2012-2016 American Community Survey (ACS) estimates. In addition to variables extracted from the census and ACS databases, operational variables include the 2010 Census Mail Return Rate for each block group and tract.  This dataset is a subset of the 2018 Census Planning Database, filtered for the state of Connecticut, and including variables relating to hard to count populations. This dataset also includes two variables from the Federal Communications Commission dataset "Residential Fixed Internet Access Service Connections per 1000 Households by Census Tract." More information about the FCC data can be found here: https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/residential-fixed-internet-access-service-connections-per-1000-households-by-census-tract-dec-2016/  Other variables from the Census Planning Database relating to geography, population, households, housing units, and census operations at the tract and block level can also be found on the CT Data Portal with the tag "Census 2020."
COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES RESTAURANT AND MARKET VIOLATIONS
This dataset contains Environmental Health Violations for Restaurants and Markets in Los Angeles County. Los Angeles County Environmental Health is responsible for checking food violations for all unincorporated areas and 85 of the 88 cities in the County. This dataset does not include Pasadena, Long Beach or Vernon (each has its own city health department). Each row represents one health code violation.   All rows with the same Serial Number are part of the same inspection.  The Serial Number is the primary key to review the inspection grade (Inspection Result dataset)
Municipal Court Caseload Information **Dataset removal in 2 months on September 1, 2014
This data is provided to help with analysis of various violations charged throughout the City of Austin. See Fiscal Year datasets for new the new format.   **Dataset removal in 2 months on September 1, 2014**
QUINDÍO. INSTITUTO COLOMBIANO DE BIENESTAR FAMILIAR. Población atendida en nutrición, según municipio. Años  2012-2017
Población atendida en nutrición por el Bienester Familiar por cada municipio del departamento del Quindío,  en hogares, jardines, escuelas, entre otras
Inventario de Activos de Información - INTEP
INSTITUTO DE EDUCACIÓN TÉCNICA PROFESIONAL DE ROLDANILLO, VALLE - INTEP INVENTARIO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN VIGENCIA 2020
2019-20 Demograhic Snapshot - District
Student demographic and enrollment data by district from 2015-16 through 2019-20.
Ability To Speak English By Language
(Excluding those less than 5 years old or speak only English)				  Hawaii’s Limited English Proficient (LEP) Population: A Demographic and Socio-Economic Profile
Capital Improvements 1996 to 2015
listing of projects in the City's Capital Improvements Budget and their characteristics
Income by Education Level 2011 - 2017
Income categorized by education level from 2011 to 2017. Data from ACS.
121- FY 2019 FY 19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 1.1
Office of Law Performance Metrics Objective 1.1- The amount of payouts resulting from litigation against the County., FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Citywide Auto Fringe Benefits
Auto Fringe Benefits for all city employees.
Percent of clients placed in unsubsidized employment: CalWORKs Employment Services
Percent of clients placed in unsubsidized employment who participated in CalWORKs Employment Services. Human Services Agency performance measure 7320P ID 418.
Contratación Celebrada por el Municipio de Guadalajara de Buga y publicada en el SECOP año 2017 / Recruitment Held by the Municipality of Guadalajara de Buga and published in the SECOP year 2017
Dando cumplimiento a la ley 712 de 2014 - Transparencia y acceso a la información pública, la alcaldía municipal de Guadalajara de Buga publica la contratación celebrada y publicada en el portal único de contratación SECOP correspondiente a la vigencia 2017 / Complying with Law 712 of 2014 - Transparency and access to public information, the municipal government of Guadalajara de Buga publishes the contract signed and published in the SECOP single recruitment portal for the 2017 period.
Fiscal Year 2015 County Executive Recommended Operating Budget – Internal Service Funds
This dataset includes the Internal Service Fund data included in the annual operating budget. Internal Service Funds (ISF) are proprietary funds used to record activity (primarily goods and services) provided by one department to other departments of the County government on a cost-reimbursable basis. The County uses this type of fund to account for Motor Pool, Central Duplicating, Liability and Property Coverage Self-Insurance, and Employee Health Benefits Self-Insurance. Update Frequency: Annually
Homeless Census 2013 - Sheltered and Unsheltered
Homeless Census 2013 - Sheltered and Unsheltered
Directorio de AGENCIAS DE VIAJES del Municipio de Melgar - Tolima
Información Básica de AGENCIAS DE VIAJES del Municipio de Melgar - Tolima
BESO Time of Sale Property Status
This list contains the compliance status of properties subject to the BESO time of sale requirement. If your building is not listed then it is required to comply with BESO at time of sale. If the status for your property is incorrect, email BESO@CityofBerkeley.info. For more information about the time of sale requirement please visit: www.cityofberkeley.info/besosale/
Water Exemptions
List of organizations currently receiving reduced water rates by premise. Data Owner: Water Management. Time Period: Data current as of May 2012. Update Frequency: Data is updated as needed.
TCP-Colectivo de empresas Rutas Transgirón
Histórico Enero 2014-Mayo 2019 , Capacidad transportadora ,pasajeros, distancia promedio, frecuencia promedio transporte colectivo Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a JULIO de 2014
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Julio de 2014 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Charitable Gift Annuity Registrants
“Charitable gift annuity” means a transfer of property by a donor to a charitable organization in return for an annuity payable over one or two lives, if the actuarial value of the annuity is less than the value of the property transferred and the difference in value constitutes a charitable deduction for federal tax purposes.
AFSC/ABL: Marine Debris by Type Surveys in Alaska 1972-2015 (Pivoted)
Scientists at the Auke Bay Laboratory have conducted marine debris surveys on select beaches in Alaska periodically since 1972. Some of the beaches previously sampled have been identified as marine debris hot spots due to their increased debris accumulation. At each location, multiple 1 km beach segments were sampled by people walking the beach and enumerating all anthropogenic marine debris found. The beach area surveyed was from the waters edge up to the base of the storm berm or log piles. Individual beach segments have been walked multiple times in the since 1972 allowing for a direct comparison with prior years. Sampling occurred in late spring and summer to test the hypothesis of change in marine debris sources due to increased summer boat traffic and the diminished occurrence and severity of storms.
2014 Census - Dwelling Unit By Ownership (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2014.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Parks - Acreage per Thousand Residents
Number of acres of park land per 1,000 residents in Grand Rapids
Marina Concessions Studies 	Percentage of Marina Tenants Rating Services Good or Better
PRKMC Measure K Performance
Libraries - Summer Reads for Adults
Summer Reads for Adults is offered in June and July. The program provides participants with the opportunity to explore a central theme through a wide variety of suggested readings and to participate in related and inventive programming such as lectures, discussions, tours and performances.
Alameda County Sheriff Crime Reports
Alameda County Sheriff Crime Reports from January 1, 2012 to present
Tarifas servicios de Aseo Deshabitado Empresas de Servicios Públicos de Fusagasugá 2018
Tarifas servicio de Aseo Deshabitado Empresa de Servicios públicos de Fusagasugá
JRI: Percent Misdemeanors Accused within Time Standard
The monthly percentage of misdemeanor arrests that result in an accusation within 30, 60 and 90 days.  In-custody and out-of-custody cases are provided separately.
Directory Of Unsheltered Street Homeless To General Population Ratio 2010
"Ratio of Homeless Population to General Population in major US Cities in 2010.   *This represents a list of large U.S. cities for which DHS was able to confirm a recent estimate of the unsheltered population.  A 2010 result is only available for Seattle, WA. Other cities either did not conduct a count in 2010, or their 2010 results are not yet available.  2009 unsheltered census   figures were used for Los Angeles, San Francisco, Miami, and Washington, DC, and Boston; the 2007 estimate is used for Chicago.  General population figures are the latest estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau."
Traffic Signals and Beacons
This point data displays Pierce County owned traffic signals, flashers, and beacons. Please read metadata for additional information. Description: This point theme displays Pierce County owned traffic signals, flashers, and beacons. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpubw_traffic_signal_beacons.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Monthly Recipients Assistance Units FY02
AVERAGE MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN						  STATE FISCAL YEAR 2002    *  Counts are estimated due to AU/recipient address correction.							  Figures may not add due to rounding.
SHIP Suicide Rate 2009-2017
Suicide Rate - This indicator shows the suicide rate per 100,000 population. Suicide is a serious public health problem that can have lasting effects on individuals, families, and communities. Mental disorders and/or substance abuse have been found in the great majority of people who have died by suicide. In Maryland, approximately 500 lives are lost each year to this preventable cause of death.
2015 - 2016 School Closure Discharge Reporting Borough ELL
New York City public schools closed for poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 043
Regional Housing Needs Assessment - Regional Housing Needs Assessment Allocation and Progress for all Jurisdictions in LA County (2018) Summary
Regional Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA) allocation sets goals for every jurisdiction to produce its share of regional housing needs at various income levels. LA County is currently in its 5th RHNA cycle. The allocation was set in 2012 with the goal of completing the required housing production by 2021. The data describes the RHNA allocation and the number of units permitted for Very Low Income, Low Income, Moderate Income, and Above Moderate Income levels for each city and the unincorporated areas as of 12/4/18. Data was combined with LA County shapefile information to map the percentage of total RHNA allocation built for each jurisdiction.
Bronx Intersection Accidents April, 2013
Reported intersection accidents in the Bronx for the month of April, 2013
Monthly Housing Costs as Percentage of Household Income, 2016
Monthly housing costs as a percentage of household income in the past 12 months. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2503.
NOAA - Percent of deepwater ocean U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone mapped
Proposed new indicator for FY 2019.  This measure tracks the cumulative percent of the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone deeper than 200m that is mapped to Seabed 2030 resolution standards (100m2).
2014 Census - Dwelling Units By Structure Type And Occupancy (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Mixed Beverage Taxes, City-County Comparison Summary
These cities received mixed beverage tax revenue from permit holders located in the city. Cities located in more than one county will be listed in each county the city is in. The mixed beverage tax revenue listed for the city in a particular county is from permit holders located in the part of the city in the listed county.    See https://comptroller.texas.gov/about/policies/privacy.php for more information on our agency’s privacy and security policies.
Arts & Cultural Facilities- CAMP: Cultural Asset Mapping Project Directory 2018
This directory was compiled through a 2016 community mapping process as part of The City of Austin Cultural Arts Division's Cultural Asset Mapping Project (CAMP) and updated through Cultural Arts Division staff research in 2018. The directory is a comprehensive list of arts and cultural facilities, creative businesses and organizations, public art, and any other cultural or creative resources submitted by CAMP participants as cultural assets. For more information on CAMP and how you can use this directory, visit www.austintexas.gov/culturemapping.    This dataset was created by the City of Austin Economic Development Department for the sole purpose of informational reference and does not reflect an on the ground survey. No warranty is made by the City of Austin regarding specific accuracy of completeness.
Service Area PUF - 2020
The Service Area PUF (SA-PUF) is one of the files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The SA-PUF contains issuer-level data on the geographic coverage or service area (i.e., where the plan is offered) including state, county, and zip code. These data either originate from the Service Area template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
Active Nonprofit Corporations
Nonprofit corporations active on the record of the Secretary of State Corporation Division as of the first working day of the month.
Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del Municipio de Chía
Datos georreferenciados de las Instituciones Oficiales del Municipio de Chía con sus coordenadas correspondientes.
APD Traffic Citations by Patrol Zone
Dataset highlighting traffic citations issued Albany PD Officers for the past year to date
Creditos con FNG por Departamento
Créditos desembolsados con la garantía del FNG en los departamentos desde el año 2009 al año 2018
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Median Income and Poverty, by City
Veterans - Median Income and Poverty, by City.  Veterans: Civilians who have served (even for a short time), but are not currently serving, on active duty in the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard, or who served in the U.S. Merchant Marine during World War II. People who served in the National Guard or Reserves are classified as veterans only if they were ever called or ordered to active duty. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101
Fire Incident Dispatch Data
The Fire Incident Dispatch Data file contains data that is generated by the Starfire Computer Aided Dispatch System. The data spans from the time the incident is created in the system to the time the incident is closed in the system.  It covers information about the incident as it relates to the assignment of resources and the Fire Department’s response to the emergency. To protect personal identifying information in accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), specific locations of incidents are not included and have been aggregated to a higher level of detail.
Personas atendidas centro de acondicionamiento físico 2018
En el gimnasio del instituto para la recreación y el deporte IDEFLORIDA, contamos con 1.176 usuarios beneficiados en nuestras instalaciones.  Nuestros horarios de atención al público son de lunes a viernes de 05:30am a 11:00am. Y de 3:00pm a 9:00pm. También dentro de nuestras actividades físicas del instituto se realiza Clases Funcionales los días lunes y viernes en los horarios de 7:00am a 8:00am y 7:00pm a 8:00pm.
Tooele County Census Projections 2010-2060
This data set contains population estimated projections from GOMB.
Energy and Water Use - Municipal Buildings
In the spirit of leading by example, the City released benchmarking information for municipal buildings. The data includes property name, location, property size (ft²), Energy STAR scores where available, energy intensity (kBTU/ft²), water use (kilo-gallons), total GHG emissions (Metric Tons CO₂e), and several more metrics.
DSS Township Counts - by Ethnicity - CY 2017
DSS CY 2017 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2017, by township and ethnicity. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
Multi-Family Property Information
Information about multi-family property units in comparison cities including Denver, Austin and San Diego. Compare with https://data.mesaaz.gov/Zoning-Property/Commercial-Vacancy-Multi-Family/rabe-bhdq
Electricity Sales By Sector, TBtu: Beginning 1980
New York Electricity Sales dataset provides data on total electricity requirements for New York State.  Electricity sales to ultimate consumers are provided and are broken down by sector (Residential/Commercial/Industrial/Transportation) in TBtu.  How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.
pln_bnft_pkg_xwalk [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_bnft_pkg_xwalk [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
Choose Maryland:  Compare States - Demographics
Population profile - total, rate of change, age, and density.
Instituciones Educativas Oiba - Santander
Relación de instituciones educativas (primaria y secundaria) del municipio de Oiba Santander con sus respectivas sedes.
Subsidios y Contribuciones  - EPM - Energía
EPM publica los subsidios y contribuciones del año 2019 para el servicio de Energía aplicados al departamento de Antioquia.
Alaska Harbor Seal Stocks
This data layer represents the 12 uniquely identified stocks of harbor seals found in Alaskan waters. Stocks were identified by NMFS and their co-management partners, the Alaska Native Harbor Seal Commission, in 2010 based largely on genetic structure. Given the genetic samples were not obtained continuously throughout the range, a total evidence approach was used to consider additional factors such as population trends, observed harbor seal movements, and traditional Alaska Native use areas in the final designation of stock boundaries. The 12 stocks of harbor seals currently identified in Alaska are 1) the Aleutian Islands, 2) the Pribilof Islands, 3) Bristol Bay, 4) North Kodiak Island, 5) South Kodiak Island, 6) Prince William Sound, 7) Cook Inlet/Shelikof Strait, 8) Glacier Bay/Icy Strait, 9) Lynn Canal/Stephens Passage, 10) Sitka/Chatham Strait, 11) Dixon/Cape Decision and 12) Clarence Strait.
Directorio de Publicación de la Gaceta del Departamento del Atlántico 2014 al 2018
Conjunto de datos que contiene los actos administrativos (ordenanzas, acuerdos, decretos, convenios, resoluciones, Etc) publicados por la oficina de Comunicaciones de la Gobernación del Atlántico de septiembre de 2013 a marzo de 2018.
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Cummiskey: Red king crab sonic tagging and dive database
This is data from a long-term monitoring project which utilized sonic tags to follow aggregations of red king crab in Womens Bay near Kodiak Alaska. The database consists of four major tables: Sonic tags: An inventory of all tags used recording crab size and sex dates of tag release and recovery, and if possible the reason for tag loss. Locations: Field locations in latitude, longitude, and depth for sonic tags, generally acquired on a weekly basis. Dive summary:A summary of dive observations on sonic tagged crab aggregations to document crab behavior and habitat use. Crab measurements:Measurements of crab carapace lengths, sex, and shell conditions of diver-collected crab from crab aggregations associated with tagged crab.
City Parcel Polygons
This dataset provides information regarding the location of existing parcel areas, which are defined as Maricopa County Assessor taxable areas within the City of Mesa.  Data represents the City’s current parcels and is reconciled monthly with the Maricopa County Assessor’s published parcel numbers. This dataset also shows the floor the parcel occupies, when the parcel was created and the Maricopa County Assessor assigned parcel number (APN). Displays parcel polygons with Maricopa County Assessor parcel number within the City of Mesa.  Can be used for a variety of displays and analysis; legally defined areas, taxation purposes, etc.
Lehi City Police Crime Data
Lehi City Police Department crime data
CVB- FY19 Proposed Performance Metrics
Increase hotel occupancy rate.
Census Data for all ACT Schools
School enrolment data for each public school in the ACT. The number of students in each class is reported in February and August each year. Non-Government schools are only reported in February.
Numero De Causas De Accidentalidad2016(II)
Número de causas de accidentalidad en el Municipio de Copacabana en el 2do semestre de 2016
Asociaciones del municipio de Genova
Listado de asociaciónes legalmente constituidas del municipio
Census Projections for Weber County in Utah 2010-2060
This data set contains Initial projections of subcounty populations maintained a constant share based on the distribution of the most recent Census Bureau.  Projections are approved by the respective Associations of Government
Library Summer Reading Programs
This data from the California Library Association (CLA), they are the organization that tracks Summer Reading Programs.  It shows the number of registered and number of completed students in summer reading.  When data fields are left blank that means data was not reported.
Riverside County Business Patterns
Major business patterns within Riverside County. Not all industries are captured in this dataset, it is meant to represent table CB1300A11 created by the US Census Bureau. See https://factfinder.census.gov/ for more data    This dataset can be updated via the Census API using this workspace:  data.countyofriverside.us -County Business... - 8mkp-gyar - FMEv2016.fmw
GRADUADOS DEL 2008 AL 2016  ESCUELA NACIONAL DEL DEPORTE
Número Graduados de la Escuela Nacional del Deporte en los programas académicos de pregrado y potsgrado durante los años 2008 al 2016
Inspección de Policía Urbanística y Ambiental expedientes del Municipio de Chia 2018
Información Inspección de Policía Urbanística y Ambiental expedientes del Municipio de Chia 2018
2018 Proposed Budget Changes
Proposed Budget Changes 2018
CPS 2.6 Conservatorship - Children With Legal Statuses Granted During Year by Region With Demographics FY2010-2019
This chart counts the number of unique children for whom a court entered a legal status order during the fiscal year. If a court entered multiple different legal statuses for a child during the fiscal year, the child is only counted once.   Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on substitute care placements and all DFPS programs.
Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Obesity - American Community Survey
This dataset includes select data from the U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey (ACS) on the percent of adults who bike or walk to work. This data is used for DNPAO's Data, Trends, and Maps database, which provides national and state specific data on obesity, nutrition, physical activity, and breastfeeding. For more information about ACS visit https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/.
Financial Assistance Services Lobby Data
Lobby wait time data from Cafe. Shows each appointment with time stamps for creation of the contact card, booking, to interview check-in. Only includes Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program  (SNAP) and cash assistance interview visits, not visits for people who were in the lobby for other reasons like dropping off paperwork.
Adopted Operating Budget All Services (unconsolidated)
City of Winnipeg Adopted Operating Budget By Service (and Sub Service).  This dataset contains year over year budget information combined into one dataset.
Gender Breakdown of City of Evanston Employees
The number of City of Evanston employees grouped by gender. Data is current as of December 2018.
Internet Connections
The number of Internet connections in NZ of various different types and by various features. A sub-set of the Stats NZ annual ISP survey that has been running since 2011.
Protecting Human Rights (PHR) Program: Domestic Violence Awareness Scores Before and After Training
This data asset contains average scores on pre­- and post-­training tests conducted before and after PHR trainings. The Protecting Human Rights (PHR) Program works to  reduce domestic violence, child marriage and related human rights abuses in 102 unions under eight upazilas of six districts. With support from USAID from March 2011 to March 2017, PHR was implemented by Plan International Bangladesh, the Bangladesh National Women Lawyers’ Association and 11 local NGOs. PHR uses an integrated and broad-­based approach that includes advocacy, capacity building, access to justice, services for survivors, and mass awareness and educational projects.
Officer Involved Shootings 2008-17 Officers
A dataset of Officer Involved Shootings officer data 2008-2017 involving the Austin Police Department.  AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided are for informational use only and may differ from official APD crime data. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results.  Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
Datos basicos Instituciones Educativas de sora
Datos de las instituciones educativas, (nombre, DANE, telefono de contacto, docente responsable, numero de contacto)
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Disabled Population by Age by City
Disabled Population by Age by City. Please note that # refer to the number of people within the age group with a disability and % refers to the percent of those with a disability within that age group. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S1810.
Utah UCAS Results 2012
Individual Utah Comprehensive Accountability System results for all schools.
Listado de Bancos y Cajeros  Automaticos -Tunja
En este formato se almacenan los datos de los bancos y cajeros automaticos de la ciudad de Tunja.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS215
Driver Feedback Sign DFS215    Latitude: 53.507072  Longitude: -113.486055    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
2011 - 2016 Demographic Snapshot
Student demographic and enrollment data
City of Fort Collins Water Quality
Water quality measurements for the City of Fort Collins.
NNDSS - Table II. Babesiosis to Campylobacteriosis
NNDSS - Table II. Babesiosis to Campylobacteriosis - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states or territory.    Note:    This table contains provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html     Footnotes:     C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA:  Not Available.  NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.
City Health - Racial/Ethnic Diversity
Racial/Ethnic Diversity: Distribution of the population by race/ethnic group within a city or census tract (index) Neighborhood Racial/Ethnic Segregation: Distribution of the population by race/ethnic group within a census tract relative to the distribution across the city (index)
Cook County Assessor's First Pass Values
First-pass property values as assessed by the Cook County Assessor in their Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal system used to assess residential properties. This dataset contains first pass values for 2019 and corresponds with residential PINs in the Cook County Assessor's Assessment Data. These are NOT final assessed values. For Disclaimers, see dataset narrative at https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/stories/s/p2kt-hk36
Exoneración en matricula 1-2019
Exentos realizados en el pago de matricula de los estudiantes de la UPTC para el primer semestre de 2019 cabe aclara que el semestre 0 corresponde a los estudiantes con estado Terminados Académicos.
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2005
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2005
Prevalence of Children with No Caries, Sealant or Restorations in Maryland School Children, 2005-2006
This is the weighted prevalence of 1,276 schoolchildren.  1,276 out of 1,280 cases examined had prevalence available.  One out of 1,276 cases had grade information missed, 564 were in Kindergarten and 711 in 3rd grade.  Prevalence is defined as occurrence of no caries, sealants, or restorations among all selected population.  Region Identifiers and Constituent Counties:	 Western (Allegany, Frederick, Garrett, Washington); Central D.C. (Howard, Montgomery, Prince George’s); Southern (Calvert, Charles, St. Mary’s); Central Baltimore (Anne Arundel, Baltimore City, Baltimore County, Carroll, Harford); Eastern Shore (Caroline, Cecil, Dorchester, Kent, Queen Anne’s, Somerset, Talbot, Wicomico, Worcester).
Campaign Consultants and Employees
List is current as of 2014
Compilado Convocatorias Vigentes y en estado de Condonación de Talento TI - Beneficiarios
Este conjunto de datos presenta datos estadísticos de los beneficiarios de las convocatorias vigentes y en estado de condonacion de Talento TI (Dirección de Desarrollo de La Industria TI)   para los convenios 534 de 2011 - Talento Digital, 1047 de 2012-TSP/PSP (Calidad de Software), 432 de 2014-Competencias transversales y 426 de 2015-Competencias transversales.
Cobertura Población Escolar del Municipio de Chía
Información estadística población escolar del Municipio de Chía vigencia 2008 al 2017
Personal Property Tax Receivable Attributes Descriptions
This file describes possible code values that can appear on Personal Property Data file
MERCANCÍA INCAUTADA EN 2019 MUNICIPIO DE LOS PATIOS
Mercancía Incautada y Recuperada en 2019 Municipio de los Patios.
USA SPENDING C&P B105 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE JAN2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA's determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Índice de Información clasificada y reservada
El Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por la Cámara de Comercio de Medellín para Antioquia, en calidad de sujeto obligado, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Proyectos vivienda nueva
VIVIENDA NUEVA    La publicación de estos inmuebles (Vivienda Nueva) está sujeta a un registro previo ante el Fondo Nacional del Ahorro, el cual requiere el diligenciamiento y envío de información técnica, jurídica y financiera, dándole la posibilidad de recibir apoyo comercial, incluida la publicación en las plataformas que se requieran.    Es importante precisar que El Fondo Nacional del Ahorro no construye, no contrata construcción, no avala proyecto, no comercializa y no vende los proyectos que se encuentran en el portal. Por lo anterior, el Fondo Nacional del Ahorro no se hace responsable del desarrollo, ejecución, entrega ni de las condiciones de las unidades de vivienda o de los proyectos que se encuentran en el portal.    La responsabilidad de la entrega y las condiciones de la vivienda son exclusivas del vendedor, de acuerdo con lo que se pacte contractualmente.
ACS - Employment Gap Demographics
Unemployment rate for all races for multiple years provided by the ACS.
State of Delaware NIBRS Crime Report Totals by Jurisdiction
Serious crime totals that are reported by each jurisdiction that are listed as "Group A" crimes by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). These totals are used in the Crime in Delaware report provided by the Statistical Analysis Center (SAC).
Gastos
Conjunto de datos: Lista de los gastos de los candidatos, partidos y comités. Los suplidores son registrados por los tesoreros de los comités de campaña.
Homeless Youth
Homeless Youth in Orleans/Jefferson Parish and Louisiana in 2014 & 2015
Registro de Publicaciones Alcaldia de la Jagua de Ibirico - cesar 2019
Registro de Publicaciones Alcaldia de la Jagua de Ibirico - cesar 2019
Tax Levy Data
Certified and approved tax levy totals from each of the seven metro counties.
MATRICULA POBLACIÒN VULNERABLE- GRUPOS ETNICOS
Población vulnerable matriculados en las Instituciones Educativas de la ciudad de Pereira.
Organ Procurement Organizations, Eye Banks and Tissue Banks Information
This dataset contains the names, contact information, and county location for the federally authorized Organ Procurement Organizations (OPOs), as well as the New York State regulated Eye Banks and Tissue Banks. These organizations work closely with the Department of Health (DOH) to educate the public regarding the need for organ and tissue donation and to facilitate the enrollment of individuals in the New York State Donate Life Organ and Tissue Donor Registry. The contact information and service areas provided in this dataset are subject to change without DOH’s knowledge since the data is provided by independent OPOs, Eye Banks and Tissue Banks.  For more information please visit, http://www.health.ny.gov/professionals/patients/donation/organ/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
Second Language Ability Data
Dataset showing whether the language currently used by respondents at home is either "English only" or a non-English language which is used in addition to English or in place of English.
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Child Care Centers – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2019-2020
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b>meal reimbursement for sites participating as Child Care Centers in CACFP for program year 201-2020.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  In March 2020, USDA began allowing flexibility in nutrition assistance program policy to support continued meal access should the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) impact meal service operation. Sites participating in these flexibilities are indicated in the newly added <b><i>COVID Meal Site</b></i> column of this dataset. For more information on the waivers implemented for this purpose, please visit our website at <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">SquareMeals.org</a>. <p>  <b>This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites operating as Child Care Centers.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care centers, Head Start centers, emergency shelters, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal. <p>  An overview of <b>all CACFP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/iekx-7mdi target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Child and Adult Care Food Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.<p>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP), and the summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><br>
Operating Expense Budget Fiscal Year 2014-2015
This dataset contains the approved budget values for the 2014-2015 fiscal year. The data does not include operating transfers within county funds. The data does include reimbursements, which are reclassification of expenses between or within County departments to avoid overstating expenses.  More information about Reimbursements can be found in the Attachments section of the About link.
Calamidades comunitarias por efectos naturales
Apoyo de la gobernacion del cauca a los municipios afectados por eventos o emergencias naturales atraves de la oficina de atencion y prevencion de desastres.
Human West Nile Virus Infections by County:  December 31, 2012
Counties not listed have no verified human cases of WNV
County Click 311 - Motorola
A complete listing of non-emergency 311 service requests for Prince George's County since August 2016. This dataset is scheduled to update daily.
TxRC 2016 Monthly Handle
TxRC 2016 Monthly Handle by TxRC Track Code and Signal Type - unaudited
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Urban:Tanner Crab Handling Mortality
Fish and invertebrates that are unintentionally captured during commercial fishing operations and then released back into the ocean suffer mortality at unknown rates, introducing uncertainty into the fishery management process. Attempts have been made to quantify discard mortality rates using reflex action mortality predictors or RAMP which use the presence or absence of a suite of reflexes to predict discard mortality. This method was applied to Tanner crab, Chionoecetes bairdi, during the 2010-2012 fisheries in the Bering Sea. Discard mortality in the fishery is currently assumed to be 50% in stock assessment models, but that rate is not based on empirical data and is widely recognized to be in need of refinement. Over 19,000 crab were evaluated using the RAMP method. The estimated discard mortality rate was 4.5% (SD = 0.812), significantly below the rate used in stock assessment models. Predicted discard mortality rates from the 2010-2012 study were strongly correlated with the air temperature at the St. Paul Island airport in the Pribilof Islands. Using this relationship the discard mortality rate from 1991-2011was estimated at 4.2% (SD = 1.08).
SNAP Acceptance (LA)
</p>  <p><a href=" https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/wiaw-xwq3/" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
"Kids In Motion" Playground Programming
Attendance information for the "Kids in Motion" program, which provides free activities in NYC’s playgrounds, including organized sports, games, fitness demos, and board games.
Reclamaciones Técnicas de Saneamiento de Agua Del Alcantarillado en el Municipio de Pereira
En este conjunto de datos podrá encontrar el reporte con el Número de Reclamaciones Técnicas mensuales de Saneamiento de Aguas del Alcantarillado en el Municipio de Pereira.
Stripper Gas Well Production By State T4.9 2008
Stripper Gas Well Production By State T4.9 2008
Public Outreach and Engagement Events
The calendar represents opportunities to engage with City representatives in your neighborhood
FY2017 F65 County
F-65 Data Summary Counties 2017
Rush Hour Vehicle Towing Data
Rush Hour Towing data from WPA's TowLog.
CTA - System Information - List of 'L' Stops
This list of 'L' stops provides location and basic service availability information for each place on the CTA system where a train stops, along with formal station names and stop descriptions.
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACIÓN ANTIOQUIA MARZO 2020
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de marzo de 2020 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia
Gasoline Prices in Colorado
Gas prices for every week since 2000, broken down by type, from the US Energy Information Administration (USEIA).
Air Passenger Traffic per Month, Port Authority of NY NJ: Beginning 1977
The dataset presented in this forum is monthly data. The Port Authority  collects monthly data for domestic and international, cargo, flights, passengers and aircraft equipment type from each carrier at PANYNJ-operated airports. The data is aggregated and forms the basis for estimating flight fees, parking, concession, and PFC revenues at the Port Authority Airports.
Parks & Recreation Programs
Registration totals by program/class.
YouthSource Center Program Performance Outcomes for PY 16/17:  July 1, 2016 - June 30, 2017
The YouthSource System is made up of 13 Youth Centers, with a focus on high school dropout recovery. All centers offer the following services to low-income in-school youth ages 14-21 and out of school youth ages 16-24 with barriers such as basic skills deficiencies or status as a foster youth, youth offender, pregnant/parenting youth, or youth with a disability.
2018 NYC Open Data Plan: Removed Datasets
Datasets removed from the Open Data Plan, and an explanation why they were removed.     See the 2018 Open Data for All Report and Open Data Plan here: https://opendata.cityofnewyork.us/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/2018-NYC-OD4A-report.pdf
NCCI Medically Unlikely Edits (MUEs)
Medically Unlikely Edits (MUEs) define for each HCPCS / CPT code the maximum units of service (UOS) that a provider would report under most circumstances for a single beneficiary on a single date of service.    Practitioner services also refers to ambulatory surgical centers.  DME refers to provider claims for durable medical equipment.    The CMS National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI) promotes national correct coding methodologies and reduces improper coding which may result in inappropriate payments of Medicare Part B claims and Medicaid claims. NCCI procedure-to-procedure (PTP) edits define pairs of Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS)/Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes that should not be reported together for a variety of reasons. The purpose of the PTP edits is to prevent improper payments when incorrect code combinations are reported. The edits in this dataset are active for the dates indicated within. This file should NOT be used by state Medicaid programs as their edit file. Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes, descriptions and other data only are copyright 2017 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. CPT® is a registered trademark of the American Medical Association. Applicable FARS\DFARS Restrictions Apply to Government Use. Fee schedules, relative value units, conversion factors and/or related components are not assigned by the AMA, are not part of CPT, and the AMA is not recommending their use. The AMA does not directly or indirectly practice medicine or dispense medical services. The AMA assumes no liability for the data contained or not contained herein.    For more information, visit https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/program-integrity/ncci/index.html.
Total Nacional inscritos en la agencia pública de empleo SENA
Esta base de datos contiene información sobre número de personas inscritas activas, es decir, personas que registraron un interés ocupacional, en la Agencia Pública de Empleo (APE).
Code Enforcement Active Pipeline
Please note that this data set contains Code Enforcement cases from May 12th, 2009 to present. For the purpose of analyzing active cases, please filter for "Open" on the first column, "O/C". Cases are closed in when the in rem judgement is paid and violations are abated. Please see https://www.nola.gov/code-enforcement/ for more information.
Indicators of Anxiety or Depression Based on Reported Frequency of Symptoms During Last 7 Days
The U.S. Census Bureau, in collaboration with five federal agencies, launched the Household Pulse Survey to produce data on the social and economic impacts of Covid-19 on American households.  The Household Pulse Survey was designed to gauge the impact of the pandemic on employment status, consumer spending, food security, housing, education disruptions, and dimensions of physical and mental wellness.  The survey was designed to meet the goal of accurate and timely weekly estimates. It was conducted by an internet questionnaire, with invitations to participate sent by email and text message. The sample frame is the Census Bureau Master Address File Data. Housing units linked to one or more email addresses or cell phone numbers were randomly selected to participate, and one respondent from each housing unit was selected to respond for him or herself. Estimates are weighted to adjust for nonresponse and to match Census Bureau estimates of the population by age, gender, race and ethnicity, and educational attainment. All estimates shown meet the NCHS Data Presentation Standards for Proportions,
2015 San Diego County Demographics - Occupation By Industry
Occupation by industry type. Categories are as follows: Agriculture, Forestry, and Mining; Transportation, Warehousing, and Utilities; Information and Communications; Finance, Insurance, and Real Estate; Professional, Scientific, and Management Administration; Educational, Social and Health Services; Entertainment and Hospitality Related. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP03.
Medical Waste Generator Inspections
Inspections and inspection violations for Medical Waste Generators in Marin County.  For each licensed Medical Waste Generator facility, data consists of the following: facility license number, inspection date, type of inspection, listing of violations found, number of pharmaceutical violations found, information about the facility, earliest license issue date and geographic information.  Only small quantity waste generators are currently tracked in this data set.  Data is updated daily.  For any facilities with an earliest license issue date of 11/18/2012, their actual earliest license issue date was before that date.  This is due to a change in tracking systems.  If a facility has any of the following violation codes they are considered by Environmental Health Services to have had pharmaceutical disposal violations strictly for purposes of the pharmaceutical disposal violations count shown in this data set.  There are of course many other serious violations.  118275.g 118275
HISPANIC OR LATINO ORIGIN BY RACE
Table is adapted from US Census American Community Survey table HISPANIC OR LATINO ORIGIN BY RACE  Universe: Total population  ACS Table: B03002    This dataset can be updated via the Census API using this workspace:  data.countyofriverside.us - Hispanic or... - 8pwe-43ja - FMEv2016.fmw
FOIA Request Log - OEMC
FOIA requests received by the Office of Emergency Management and Communications as of May 1, 2010
Prevalence and Mean of Dental Restorations among Maryland School Children, 2005-2006
This is the weighted prevalence of 1,276 schoolchildren.  1,276 out of 1,280 cases examined had prevalence available.  One out of 1,276 cases had grade information missed, 564 were in Kindergarten and 711 in 3rd grade.  Prevalence is defined as occurrence of any restorations among all selected population.  Mean is the average number of teeth with restorations among students with restorations in selected population.  Region Identifiers and Constituent Counties: Western (Allegany, Frederick, Garrett, Washington); Central D.C. (Howard, Montgomery, Prince George’s); Southern (Calvert, Charles, St. Mary’s); Central Baltimore (Anne Arundel, Baltimore City, Baltimore County, Carroll, Harford); Eastern Shore (Caroline, Cecil, Dorchester, Kent, Queen Anne’s, Somerset, Talbot, Wicomico, Worcester).
Municipal Fiscal Indicators 2015
Municipal Fiscal Indicators is an annual compendium of information compiled by the Office of Policy and Management, Intergovernmental Policy Division (IGP), Municipal Finance Services Unit (MFS). The data contained in Indicators provides key financial and demographic information on municipalities in Connecticut.    Municipal Fiscal Indicators contains the most current financial data available for each of Connecticut's 169 municipalities. The majority of this data was compiled from the audited financial statements that are filed annually with the State of Connecticut, Office of Policy and Management, IGP Division. This database of information includes selected demographic and economic data relating to, or having an impact upon, a municipality’s financial condition. The most recent edition is for the Fiscal Years Ended 2011-2015 published in January of 2017 (amending the January 2016 version).
Matricula Total Bruta Departamento de Risaralda  diciembre 2016
Corresponde al número total de estudiantes matriculados en el sistema educativo oficial independiente de la edad que tengan
ABC Licensee List
ABC Licensee List
Ejecución Presupuestal Secretaria de Vivienda y Hábitat del Departamento del Valle del Cauca del Año 2010 al 2019
este conjunto de datos  contiene información sobre la Ejecución Presupuestal Secretaria de Vivienda y Hábitat del Departamento del Valle del Cauca del Año 2010 al 2019
Producción en Toneladas de Cultivos Transitorios en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del año 2000 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre la Producción en Toneladas de Cultivos Transitorios en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del año 2000 al 2018
2016 Qualifying Health Plan Selections by CSR and County, as of February 1, 2016
All figures are based on plan selections with coverage periods that include March 2016. Cost-Sharing Reduction (CSR) is generally available if a consumer’s household income is between 100 percent and 250 percent of the federal poverty level and the individual chooses a health plan from the silver plan category. For silver plans, the actuarial value of 70% refers to the  average out-of-pocket costs covered by the issuer. Consumers receiving CSR have higher actuarial values (up to 94%) and are classified as receiving CSR; otherwise, a consumer was classified as not having CSR.
Job and Business Establishment Creation
US Census Business Dynamics Statistics tracking annual Job Creation and Firm Establishments within the Seattle-Tacoma-Bellevue Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Asistencia protección social departamento de Caldas
información de los puntos de  Asistencia protección social departamento de  Caldas
Jail Report: Bookings and Releases
The number of monthly inmate bookings into and releases from Fulton County detention facilities including the main jail.
Evanston 2015 Drinking Water Quality
Data about the quality of Evanston's drinking water in 2015
BASE DE DATOS LIGAS DEPORTIVAS INDERVALLE
Listado de organismos que en el Valle del Cauca fomentan, patrocinan y organizan la practica de un deporte
Producción Por Hectáreas De  Hortalizas En El  Valle Del Cauca 2016
produccion por hectareas de hortalizas en el valle del cauca año 2016
Docente catedrático por facultad por contratos 2019-2
Catedráticos que prestan servicios en una o mas facultades
County Fleet Fuel Economy
County of San Mateo average fleet fuel economy for compact and mid-size vehicles, including ULEV and ZEV.
INDICE DE INFORMACION CLASIFICADA O RESERVADA DE LA GOBERNACION DEL ATLANTICO
La tabla contiene índice de información clasificada o reservada de la Gobernación del Atlántico.
NYCDEP Recreation Area Maps
NYCDEP Recreation Area Maps    Note:  WMU = New York State Department of Environmental Conservation Wildlife Management Unit. Hunters should verify the WMU is correct.  ** Hunting by Bow only.      *** Hunting by Bow or Shotgun only.      **** Hunting for Deer only, and by Bow only.
Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Circum_vehicle
Crash data for Maryland from January 2015 through June 2020. Data is accurate as of the creation of the data. Only Approved Crash reports have been included in the file. Related datasets include Statewide Vehicle Crashes (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes/65du-s3qu) and Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes - Vehicle Details (https://opendata.maryland.gov/Public-Safety/Maryland-Statewide-Vehicle-Crashes-Vehicle-Details/mhft-5t5y)
WorkSource Center Program Performance Outcomes for PY 16/17:   July 1, 2016 - June 30, 2017
The City funds a number of full-service WorkSource Centers in the City of Los Angeles that provide a full range of assistance to job seekers and employers under one roof. Job seekers can receive career counseling, job listings, labor market information, training referrals, and other employment-related services. Employers can avail themselves of business services such as recruiting, posting job vacancies, human resources services, and customized training.
Covered employment
Tracks total covered employment in Pierce County by year
INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
Este es el listado de la información clasificada y reservada de INTERCONEXIÓN ELÉCTRICA S.A. E.S.P. ISA
Care 4 Kids (C4K) Number of Children by Town, October 2017
Care 4 Kids (C4K) Number of Children by Provider Setting Type and by Town, with subsidy Paid in October 2017. Includes total for all Age Groups. Numbers <6 suppressed.
County/Metro Indicator - Health Professional Shortage Areas
Numerator: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA). Area Health Resources File (AHRF), 2017-2018 Release. https://datawarehouse.hrsa.gov/data/datadownload.aspx  Denominator: U.S. Census Bureau, American Community Survey 1-Year Summary Estimates (2007-2017), Table B01003. https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/17_1YR/B01003/0100000US|0400000US06|0500000US06071
Building and Safety Customer Service Request (Closed)
A Customer Service Request is a request received by the Department of Building and Safety from the City's constituents to investigate a site/property for a possible violation of the City's building, electrical, mechanical and zoning regulations, which are elements of the Los Angeles Municipal Code. Any investigative action taken by a Building and Safety inspector constitutes the opening of a case. Where no Code violation is found, the case is immediately closed.  If a Code violation is found, the case remains open until the site/property satisfies the requirements for Code compliance.
Life Expectancy Data
Dataset showing life expectancy at birth reflects the overall mortality level of the population. It summarizes the mortality pattern that prevails across all age groups - children and adolescents, adults and the elderly. Life expectancy is expressed as the average number of years that a newborn is expected to live if current mortality rates continue to apply.
Class Size
This data reflects average class sizes from 2008 to 2012
SALT LAKE POLICE DEPT - POLICE CASES -2017
POLICE CASES FOR 2017
2017 - 2018 School Quality Report Results for  YABC
New York City Department of Education 2017 - 2018 School Quality Report Results for YABC. The Quality Review is a process that evaluates how well schools are organized to support student learning and teacher practice. It was developed to assist New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) schools in raising student achievement by looking behind a school’s performance statistics to ensure that the school is engaged in effective methods of accelerating student learning.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Bottom Line Budgets of City Meals on Wheels Administration Services Contracted Providers
Bottom Line Budgets of contracted agencies providing City Meals on Wheels Administration Services.
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 45, Figure 40
Overall customer satisfaction (%) with management of town and district parks in the ACT, 2010-18.  Source: TCCS Market Attitude Research Service Survey 2018
[ARCHIVED] NHS Income Individual Income by Income Groups
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports before tax individual income by income groups. This data is sourced from the 2011 National Household Survey.  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Access to Parks and Open Space
Publicly accessible data on the size and location of all existing parks, recreational facilities, open space and natural areas was collected through collaboration between the Departments of Parks and Recreation with 86 cities to complete a countywide inventory of existing parks.  A total of 3,023 parks were inventoried countywide.
Feed the Future Senegal: Yaajeende Planting Data
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact that the Feed the Future Nutrition-led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal (known as "Yaajeende") has had on reducing malnutrition and poverty in its intervention area.    This report details the findings, conclusions and recommendations of a mixed-methods quasi-experimental final impact evaluation (FIE) of the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) $50 million, seven-year Feed the Future Nutrition-Led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal, known as “Yaajeende.” The National Cooperative Business Association’s Cooperative League of the USA (NCBA CLUSA) implemented the project. To combat poverty and child malnutrition, Yaajeende sought to accelerate the participation of the very poor in rural economic growth and improve the four dimensions of food security: availability, access, utilization and stability. Yaajeende worked in 790 villages across 49 municipalities (“communes” in French) and nine departments in the Matam, Tambacounda, Kédougou and Kolda regions. The project’s implementation period was November 1, 2010, to September 30, 2017.    The FIE aims to provide USAID with an evidence base on the impacts of the nutrition-led agriculture (NLA) approach that the project utilized on its key objectives, including reduced poverty and malnutrition. The findings are expected to provide accountability and learning value to USAID, including both the Senegal Mission and USAID/Feed the Future. Additional stakeholders include the Government of Senegal, implementing partners and other agencies, donors and practitioners active in nutrition, health, agriculture and integrated sectors.
Open Data Initiative Progress Report - Participation Sprint
The City Manager's Open Data Initiative 2.0 kicked off in May 2015 with a 90-day "sprint-style" project designed to increase the amount of open data published by each City department. Departments were asked to 1) designate an open data liaison, 2) conduct a data inventory, 3) submit an open data participation plan, and 4) publish at least three new datasets to the City's open data portal. Departments continue to work with CTM to meet these goals, and we will update this dataset regularly to reflect their progress until further notice.
Atenciones en Procedimientos - Municipio de Medellín 2016
Fuente de información que registra las atenciones realizadas en el servicio de Procedimientos a personas residentes en el municipio de Medellín, por año, Código entidad Administradora, Nombre entidad administradora, Tipo de Usuario, Edad, Unidad de Medida de edad, Sexo, Cód depto, Cód Mun, Zona de Residencia, Código del Prestador, Nombre del Prestador, Código del Procedimiento, Nombre del DX, Ambito de la realización del Procedimiento, Finalidad del procedimiento, Cód dx Principal, Nombre del DX.  Fuente: RIPS, Registro Individual de Prestación de Servicios en Salud. Procesado por la Unidad de Gestión de la Información y el Conocimiento, Secretaría de Salud de Medellín. P: Cifras preliminares.
UNIDADES DE CONTENEDORES MOVILIZADOS SEGÚN TRAFICO PORTUARIO POR ZONA PORTUARIA
Es el número de cajas o contenedores que ingresan al país a través de una o mas instalaciones portuarias y salen del país desde una o mas instalaciones portuarias
Contracts: ESD: Columbia Gorge: Fiscal Year 2014
Columbia Gorge ESD Contracts for Fiscal year 2014
Colleges in San Francisco (2011)
Public and private colleges within San Francisco from National Center of Education Statistics data. As of 2011. You can get updated institutional characteristics data at https://nces.ed.gov/ipeds/datacenter/DataFiles.aspx
Historic Survey
Property boundary polygons surveyed as part of the 2009-2010 countywide survey and inventory of historic Euro-American sites. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_historic_survey.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Food Facility Inspections
The Sonoma County Department of Health Services Food Facility inspection data. Food safety and consumer protection programs provided by the Department of Health Services serve many food facilities, such as restaurants, caterers, mobile units, grocery stores, wineries, or any facility selling food directly to the consumer.
City Health - Birth-Related
Teen Births: Births to mothers aged 15-19 (per 1,000 females in that age group) Prenatal Care: Births for which prenatal care began in the first trimester (%) Low birthweight: Live births with low birthweight <2500 grams (%) Life expectancy: Life expectancy at birth (average)
Pawn Shops - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from the November 2017 Mixed Topic Part 2 survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=2054&as=9PJ0ym7QQ7&t=1    Open from November 21 - 29, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,017 Insight Community Members. 1,637 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 24%. A total of 1,650 respondents completed the survey: 1,637 Insight Community Members and 13 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Special Education Prevalence: 2008-2013
This dataset contains K-12 special education prevalence rates by district for school years 2008-09, 2009-10, 2010-11, 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14. Prevalence is included for each disability type as well as overall special education. The overall special education prevalence is calculated by dividing the number of students with disabilities in a district by the total number of students in the district. Prevalence for individual disability types is calculated by dividing the number of students with the specific disability in a district by the total number of students in the district. Note: The category of Other Disability includes disabilities of Hearing Impairment, Visual Impairment, Orthopedic Impairment, Deaf/Blindness, Multiple Disabilities, Traumatic Brain Injury, and Developmental Delay.
Utah Price Of Regular Motor Gasoline Monthly T3.21 1984-2010
Utah Price Of Regular Motor Gasoline Monthly T3.21 1984-2010
NOAA - Percentage of data processed and delivered to operational users from NOAA-managed satellites
Ensures that NOAA provides real time (or near real time) availability of critical satellite data and products without gaps to users (NWS and other NOAA line offices, US military and operational partners). On time data and imagery provided increases timeliness and accuracy of public warnings and forecasts of climate and weather events.
Monthly Indicators
Monthly OCME Indicators. This information is being captured by the  Mayor's Management Report (MMR) datasets published by the Mayor's Office of Operations. For the 2017 data, please refer to <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/FY17-MMR-Agency-Performance-Indicators/25cx-4jug">this dataset</a>.
Iowa Population 16 Years and Over by Sex and Earnings in Past 12 Months (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset provides Iowa population 16 years and over by sex and earnings in past 12 months for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places, and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B20001.  Sex categories: Male, Female, and Both  Earnings in Past 12 Months.  Categories include: 01 - $1 to $2499 or loss, 02 - $2500 to $4999, 03 - $5000 to $7499, 04 - $7500 to $9999, 05 - $10000 to $12499, 06 - $12500 to $14999, 07 - $15000 to $17499, 08 - $17500 to $19999, 09 - $20000 to $22499, 10 - $22500 to $24999, 11 - $25000 to $29999, 12 - $30000 to $34999, 13 - $35000 to $39999, 14 - $40000 to $44999, 15 - $45000 to $49999, 16 - $50000 to $54999, 17 - $55000 to $64999, 18 - $65000 to $74999, 19 - $75000 to $99999, and 20 - $100000 or more.
Electrical Apprentice License
This dataset contains a list of Electrical Apprentice License information. No examination for Apprentice electrician license is required; this is a registration only. Applicant shall have been regularly and principally engaged in electrical work proceeding the date of this application.  Update Frequency : Daily
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Swiney: Effects of ocean acidification and increased temperatures on juvenile red king crab
Multiple stressor studies are needed to better understand the effects of oceanic changes on marine organisms. To determine the effects of near-future ocean acidification and warming temperature on juvenile red king crab (Paralithodes camtschaticus) survival, growth, and morphology, we conducted a long-term (184 d) fully crossed experiment with two pHs and three temperatures: ambient pH (~7.99), pH 7.8, ambient temperature, ambient +2 degree C, and ambient +4 degree C, for a total of 6 treatments.
SALT LAKE CITY - WATER CONSUMPTION BY BLOCK
Salt Lake City water consumption by block, measured by gallons per month. Consumption is in 100 cu. ft  units (e. g.  if consumption is 34 that means 3400 cu. ft.)   100 cu. ft. = 748.052 gallons
Somerville_TrafficEnforcement
Contains traffic enforcement data from Somerville Police Department dating back to 2015. Data has been anonymized to protect privacy.
Listado De Discapacidad Del Municipio De Santiago N De S.
Municipio de Santiago Norte de Santander
Reclamaciones Noche Agua Potable 2019
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMACIONES MENSUALES DE NOCHE DE AGUA POTABLE
Richmond Development Update
Data for Planning Development Update September 2020
Development Permit Public Notices
The Development Permit Public Notices data set consists of development permits which have been made public. The City of Calgary is required by law to publish Development Permit information for two weeks.
LA County Employee Salaries
Provides compensation paid to employees in the form of earnings and fringe benefits.
Feed the Future Senegal: Yaajeende Women's Anthropometry Data
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact that the Feed the Future Nutrition-led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal (known as "Yaajeende") has had on reducing malnutrition and poverty in its intervention area.    This report details the findings, conclusions and recommendations of a mixed-methods quasi-experimental final impact evaluation (FIE) of the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) $50 million, seven-year Feed the Future Nutrition-Led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal, known as “Yaajeende.” The National Cooperative Business Association’s Cooperative League of the USA (NCBA CLUSA) implemented the project. To combat poverty and child malnutrition, Yaajeende sought to accelerate the participation of the very poor in rural economic growth and improve the four dimensions of food security: availability, access, utilization and stability. Yaajeende worked in 790 villages across 49 municipalities (“communes” in French) and nine departments in the Matam, Tambacounda, Kédougou and Kolda regions. The project’s implementation period was November 1, 2010, to September 30, 2017.    The FIE aims to provide USAID with an evidence base on the impacts of the nutrition-led agriculture (NLA) approach that the project utilized on its key objectives, including reduced poverty and malnutrition. The findings are expected to provide accountability and learning value to USAID, including both the Senegal Mission and USAID/Feed the Future. Additional stakeholders include the Government of Senegal, implementing partners and other agencies, donors and practitioners active in nutrition, health, agriculture and integrated sectors.
1:50 Flood Map (2% chance of occurring in any year)
These inundation maps show whether a property is at risk for various sized river floods. The size of flood shown on this map has a 1/50 or a 2% chance of occurring in any year.   The three distinct types of inundation shown on the maps are: o	Inundation - Area flooded overland due to riverbank overtopping. o	Isolated - Low lying areas that will not be wet from riverbank overtopping, but may experience groundwater seepage or stormwater backup. o	Potential failure of flood protection barrier - Low lying areas that could be flooded if an existing permanent flood protection barrier were to fail.  The flood areas shown were mapped in 2015 jointly by Alberta Environment and Parks and the City of Calgary, using the best available hydrologic and hydraulic data and models. As such, the flooding shown reflects 2015 conditions, hydrology and topography. The effects of mitigation measures (changes to reservoirs/dams or barriers) built since 2015 are not included. There is uncertainty inherent in predicting the effects of flood events, and this uncertainty increases for floods with less than a 1% chance of occurrence in any year. Any use of this data must recognizing the uncertainty with regards to the exact location and extent of flooding.   More information on flood mapping for Calgary is available at calgary.ca/floodinfo:  http://www.calgary.ca/UEP/Water/Pages/Flood-Info/Flood-Information.aspx?redirect=/floodinfo For Calgary's River Flood story, see: https://maps.calgary.ca/RiverFlooding/
OHR - Headline - Race And Ethnicity Of County Employees
Provides a breakdown of the County's general workforce and management employees based on Race and Ethnicity.
Comparendos de Transito Tercer Trimestre del Año 2018 del Municipio de Candelaria
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados la estadística de comparendos de transito en el Tercer trimestre del año.
Apoyo económico bienestar universitario 2019-1
Conceptos de apoyos económicos a los estudiantes por parte de bienestar universitario
NNDSS - Table II. Mumps to Rabies, animal
NNDSS - Table II. Mumps to Rabies, animal - 2014.In this Table, all conditions with a 5-year average annual national total of more than or equals 1,000 cases but less than or equals 10,000 cases will be displayed (��� 1,000 and ��_ 10,000). The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Case counts for reporting years 2013 and 2014 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.More information on NNDSS is available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Migrants Dataset
This dataset contains information about migrants in the household. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
MIGA Subscriptions and Voting Power of Member Countries
Member countries are allocated votes at the time of membership and subsequently for additional subscriptions to capital. Votes are allocated differently in each organization.    Each member receives votes consisting of share votes (one vote for each share of MIGA's capital stock held by the member) plus parity votes, calculated so that the aggregate number of votes of category 1 and category 2 members is the same. Members choose which category they want to join at the time of membership. Category 1 members were originally defined as developed countries and category 2 members as developing countries.    Latest information about voting power is available at http://www.worldbank.org/en/about/leadership/votingpowers
RESERVAS FORESTALES PROTECTORAS DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE NORTE DE SANTANDER
Objetivo de la Determinante Ambiental: Desarrollo de la economía forestal y protección de los suelos, las aguas y la vida silvestre. LAS ZONAS DE AMORTIGUACION  Mitigar los impactos negativos y perturbaciones en las áreas protegidas; armonizar la ocupación y transformación del territorio con los objetivos de conservación de las áreas protegidas; aportar a la conservación de los elementos biofísicos, los elementos y valores culturales, los servicios ambientales y los procesos ecológicos relacionados con las áreas protegidas; y, aportar al mejoramiento de la calidad de vida de los asentamientos que existan en esa zona.
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Centers – Site-Level Contact and Program Participation – Program Year 2019-2020
<b>About the Dataset</b><br>  This dataset contains <b>contact information and program participation information for all CACFP meal sites approved by TDA to operate as a center during the 2019-2020 program year.</b> CACFP centers include Adult Day Care Centers (ADC), Child Care Centers (CCC), At-Risk Afterschool Centers (At-Risk), Head Start Centers, emergency shelters, and centers providing care for students outside school hours.</b> Sites can participate in one or more CACFP sub-programs. The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30.<p>  In March 2020, USDA began allowing flexibility in nutrition assistance program policy to support continued meal access should the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) impact meal service operation. Sites participating in these flexibilities are indicated in the newly added <b><i>COVID Meal Site</b></i> column of this dataset. For more information on the waivers implemented for this purpose, please visit our website at <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">SquareMeals.org</a>. <p>  This dataset only includes information for CACFP centers. <b>For data on Texas Day Care Homes (DCH) participating in CACFP, please refer to the “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Day Care Homes – Contact and Program Participation” dataset, also on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.</b><p>  An overview of <b>all CACFP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/iekx-7mdi target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Child and Adult Care Food Programs</a></b> page.<p>  <i>Dataset content and column order have been updated starting with program year 2018-2019 forward. Older program year datasets will retain original content and organization.</i> <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. Updates will occur quarterly and end 90 days after the close of the program year. Any data posted during the active update period is subject to change. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will remain published but will no longer be updated.<p>   <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP), and summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b>
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a AGOSTO de 2012
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Agosto de 2012 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Equalized Net Grand List by Town (2011-2014)
The Office of Policy and Management annually develops the full-value estimate of all taxable property within the 169 towns and cities. A ratio of assessment to market value is calculated from real estate sales occurring within each town and city. A separate ratio and full-value estimate is listed for four property types: residential, apartment, commercial/industrial/public utility and vacant land
NNDSS - TABLE 1F. Brucellosis to Candida auris, clinical
NNDSS - Table 1F. Brucellosis to Candida auris, clinical - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.   Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.  † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).  § Reporting jurisdictions were informed CDC could receive data for this condition in August 2019. Please note there will be a delay in reporting of case notifications for this condition to CDC.
Libraries - 2019 Circulation by Location
Circulation figures include new checkouts as well as renewals. Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic closures to perform facilities upgrade or emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence Branch closed due to a fire in 2015. Whitney Young has been closed since November 2017 for major renovations. Woodson Regional Library reopened after a major renovation in February 2018.
Franchise Fee (ROW) Survey Data 2019
Results from the 2019 Franchise Fee Survey
2014 -15 Discharge Reporting for Students with Disabilities - HS
Local Law 42, enacted in 2011, requires the New York City Department of Education (DOE) to report to the New York City Council by June 30, 2015 the number of students in grades 6 through 12 who were discharged, transferred, or graduated during the 2014-15 school year. This document summarizes and explains the reported data. This law requires the reporting of discharges and graduations that occur during one school year.
Estimated Lost Lifetime Wages Due to Premature Opioid-Related Mortality CY 2016 - 2017 County Annual Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) United States Department of Labor
This indicator includes the estimated lifetime wages lost due to premature opioid-related mortality. This value is the sum of the product of the number of years of life lost due to premature opioid-related mortality and the average quarterly wages for county of residence—as reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics—adjusted for inflation and then discounted.
Red de servicios de salud   departamento de Putumayo
Red de servicios de salud de baja, mediana y alta complejidad para atención de Población pobre No afiliada PPNA vigencia 2018, 2019
Equipamientos educativos del departamento de Caldas
Equipamientos educativos del departamento de Caldas
EMS - Percent of Applicants Hired
This dataset shows the percent of applicants hired by EMS Recruiting (based on total hired/total applications received).
UCundinamarca - Registro de Activos de Información - Documental
Contiene Registro de Activos de Información de la Universidad de Cundinamarca - Proceso Documental.
Oregon listed and candidate plants - complete list
This is an attempt to compile a complete dataset of all state-listed (both threatened and endangered) and candidate plant species along with all their plant profile information.
Face Amount of Life Insurance Coverage by Program by State 2012/04/30
<p>Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 04/30/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially-adapted housing.</p>
Pagos líneas fijas Alcaldía  Municipal de Chia   2018
Información estadística pagos líneas fijas Alcaldía  Municipal de Chia   2018
Población por Fuera del Sistema Educativo 2010-2018
Listado total de población por fuera del sistema educativo con relación a la edad en el periodo 2010-2018
Número de personas con discapacidad por departamento para el año 2018, 2019 y 2020
Número de personas con discapacidad por departamento para el año 2018, 2019 y 2020 (1er Trimestre).
LinkNYC Kiosk Status (Archived)
This dataset provides a historical listing of LinkNYC Kiosks, their location, and the status of the Link’s wifi, tablet, and phone.  To view the current days status on it own, visit the LinkNYC Kiosk Status dataset at the following link (https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/LinkNYC-Kiosk-Status/n6c5-95xh) .   LinkNYC is a first-of-its-kind communications network that will bring the fastest available free public Wi-Fi to millions of New Yorkers, small businesses, and visitors. Built at no cost to taxpayers, the five-borough LinkNYC network will, through advertising proceeds, generate more than $500 million in revenue for the City over the initiative’s first 12 years. Granted a franchise by the City in 2014, CityBridge will administer construction of the LinkNYC network. By replacing the aging network of public pay telephones with state-of-the-art Links, CityBridge will transform the physical streetscape, enhance New Yorkers’ access to information, and create new local jobs for the development, servicing and maintenance of the structures.
2009 Census - Dwelling Unit By Structure Type And Ownership (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2009.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city-, ward- and neighbourhood-level only.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information can not be obtained (i.e. information is not available or can not be released by the facility administration).  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Provider of Services - CLIA - March 2016
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV). The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly.  Two data issues in the CLIA POS file have been resolved as of the 2nd Quarter 2016 file. The data issues occurred in CLIA POS files starting with the 2nd Quarter 2011 file through 1st quarter 2016.    Data Issue 1: Incorrect Certificate Data  Certificate data in the CLIA POS file should always come from the lab's current effective certificate. Due to a sorting issue, certificate data from a lab's pending or historical certificates were used and the lab's current effective certificate data was not used.    Fields   SHORT DESCRIPTION               LEN START END TYPE  Application Type Code           1   475   475 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of CLIA certificate applied for by a laboratory.  SAS Name: APLCTN_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: APLCTN-TYPE-CD    CLIA Certificate Effective Date 8   478   485 DATE  Description: Start date of the certificate.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_EFCTV_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-EFCTV-DT    CLIA Certificate Mailed Date    8   486   493 DATE  Description: Date the certificate was generated for mailing.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_MAIL_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-MAIL-DT    CLIA Certificate Type Code      1   494   494 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of certificate issued to the laboratory, based on  the application type code.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-TYPE-CD    CLIA Termination Code           2   529   530 VARCHAR2  Description: Identifies a laboratory's active or terminated status.  If terminated, identifies the reason.  SAS Name: CLIA_TRMNTN_CD  COBOL Name: CLIA-TRMNTN-CD      Data Issue 2: Labs Never Certified Included in POS  CLIA providers that have never paid nor received a CLIA certificate should not be included in CLIA POS.
Lingcod Positions 20062008
InPort Dataset ID: 20591 InPort Entity ID: 35529 This file contains the result of a lingcod tagging/tracking study conducted using VEMCO acoustic tracking equipment.  Tagging was done in two waves (Summer 2006 and Summer 2008).  Data are the x-y position of individual fish within the tracking array (XPOS, YPOS) or latitude and longitude of the fish's position at a specific time.  The relocations of fixed pingers are included to allow for the removal the effects of tides, which move the receiver buoys.  See Tolimieri, N., K. Andrews, G. Williams, S. Katz, and P. S. Levin. 2009. Home range size and patterns of space use by lingcod, copper rockfish and quillback rockfish in relation to diel and tidal cycles. Marine Ecology Progress Series 380:229-243 and See Andrews, K. S., N. Tolimieri, G. D. Williams, J. F. Samhouri, C. J. Harvey, and P. S. Levin. 2011. Comparison of fine-scale acoustic monitoring systems using home range size of a demersal fish. Marine Biology 158:2377-2387 for more detail.
Matrícula Educativa Subsidiada en Instituciones y Sedes del Departamento de Nariño
Datos relacionados con Matriculas Subsidiadas en Instituciones Educativas y Sedes del Departamento de Nariño en los diferentes grados académicos.
Child Lead Testing Data
The percentage of Ramsey County children under age 6 with elevated blood lead levels (above 5 mg/dL) for years 2011-2015 and new cases of elevated blood lead levels per year from 2012 through 2016.
Broadband Adoption and Computer Use by year, state, demographic characteristics
This dataset is imported from the US Department of Commerce, National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) and its "Data Explorer" site.  The underlying data comes from the US Census  1. dataset: Specifies the month and year of the survey as a string, in "Mon YYYY" format. The CPS is a monthly survey, and NTIA periodically sponsors Supplements to that survey.  2. variable: Contains the standardized name of the variable being measured. NTIA identified the availability of similar data across Supplements, and assigned variable names to ease time-series comparisons.  3. description: Provides a concise description of the variable.  4. universe: Specifies the variable representing the universe of persons or households included in the variable's statistics. The specified variable is always included in the file. The only variables lacking universes are isPerson and isHouseholder, as they are themselves the broadest universes measured in the CPS.  5. A large number of *Prop, *PropSE, *Count, and *CountSE columns comprise the remainder of the columns. For each demographic being measured (see below), four statistics are produced, including the estimated proportion of the group for which the variable is true (*Prop), the standard error of that proportion (*PropSE), the estimated number of persons or households in that group for which the variable is true (*Count), and the standard error of that count (*CountSE).  DEMOGRAPHIC CATEGORIES  1. us: The usProp, usPropSE, usCount, and usCountSE columns contain statistics about all persons and households in the universe (which represents the population of the fifty states and the District and Columbia). For example, to see how the prevelance of Internet use by Americans has changed over time, look at the usProp column for each survey's internetUser variable.  2. age: The age category is divided into five ranges: ages 3-14, 15-24, 25-44, 45-64, and 65+. The CPS only includes data on Americans ages 3 and older. Also note that household reference persons must be at least 15 years old, so the age314* columns are blank for household-based variables. Those columns are also blank for person-based variables where the universe is "isAdult" (or a sub-universe of "isAdult"), as the CPS defines adults as persons ages 15 or older. Finally, note that some variables where children are technically in the univese will show zero values for the age314* columns. This occurs in cases where a variable simply cannot be true of a child (e.g. the workInternetUser variable, as the CPS presumes children under 15 are not eligible to work), but the topic of interest is relevant to children (e.g. locations of Internet use).  3. work: Employment status is divided into "Employed," "Unemployed," and "NILF" (Not in the Labor Force). These three categories reflect the official BLS definitions used in official labor force statistics. Note that employment status is only recorded in the CPS for individuals ages 15 and older. As a result, children are excluded from the universe when calculating statistics by work status, even if they are otherwise considered part of the universe for the variable of interest.  4. income: The income category represents annual family income, rather than just an individual person's income. It is divided into five ranges: below $25K, $25K-49,999, $50K-74,999, $75K-99,999, and $100K or more. Statistics by income group are only available in this file for Supplements beginning in 2010; prior to 2010, family income range is available in public use datasets, but is not directly comparable to newer datasets due to the 2010 introduction of the practice of allocating "don't know," "refused," and other responses that result in missing data. Prior to 2010, family income is unkown for approximately 20 percent of persons, while in 2010 the Census Bureau began imputing likely income ranges to replace missing data.  5. education: Educational attainment is divided into "No Diploma," "High School Grad,
Cultural & Special Events at El Pueblo Historical Monument
Number and type of events at El Pueblo.  *Please note that due to COVID-19 and in accordance with Mayor Eric Garcetti's Safer At Home Order, all events scheduled to take place at El Pueblo Historical Monument on or after March 14, 2020 are cancelled or postponed until further notice.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS010
Driver Feedback Sign DFS010    Latitude: 53.543584  Longitude: -113.540249    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Case Files
Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes case files forms part of Supreme Court of Nova Scotia in Halifax County. Case files from 1759-1963.
Asset Management Parks System (AMPS) - Work Orders
This table is the primary table for information about work orders, and contains general information - including a description of the work, assigned title, request date and completion date -  about each work order. Each row represents a single work order. The primary key field is EVT_CODE. The EVT_OBJECT field can be joined to the Assets table on OBJ_CODE to know which asset the work order was for.    For the User Guide, please follow <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UwyGGncb6oFMiOfgz73G-iM8Yea9ubz4931hPeBO9YQ/edit?usp=sharing">this link</a>  For the Data Dictionary, please follow <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pDr-BUe4LS7DvATfbOnd8UrV6s77krJgzqdq_gVYWqc/edit?usp=sharing">this link </a>
Asset Management Executive Summary - State of Good Repair Needs (Expense)
This dataset contains information for a select number of agencies. It shows the estimated spending necessary to preserve the structural integrity for each of their fixed assets which meet the criteria for expense eligibility. The numbers can be summarized by Agency to match the Asset Management Executive Summary publication. Amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand. The dataset is updated once a year.
Mintic- Estudio de identificación de brechas de capital humano para el sector TIC (Slide 5- Parte 2)
Identificación brecha de pertinencia sobre 373 cargos TIC (referidos por 149 empresas ubicadas en:  Antioquia, Atlántico, Bogotá, Eje Cafetero, Santander y Valle del Cauca)
Uniform School Fund 1980-2013 COBI
This data set contains Uniform School Fund allocations from 1980-2013
Bronx Health Services
Locations of health service clinics in the Bronx. refer to facility types: 3201, 3202, 3203, 3204, 3205, 3206, 3207 in SelFac_datainfo.pdf for location and facility details.
Dubuque Capital Budget
City of Dubuque Capital Budget
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACION 1° SEMESTRE - 2016
Consolidado de la Contratación del Primer Sementre de 2016  realizada por la Contraloría General del Cauca
SITM PRETRONCALES
Sistema integrado de transporte masivo SITM, desde el año 2014 - hasta mayo de 2019
Data for Efficacy of Nitrile Disinfection (E. coli)
In the 2014 West African Ebola outbreak, international organizations provided conflicting recommendations for disinfecting surfaces contaminated by uncontrolled patient spills. We compared the efficacy of four chlorine solutions (sodium hypochlorite, sodium dichloroisocyanurate, high ­test hypochlorite, and generated hypochlorite) for disinfection of three surface types (stainless steel, heavy duty tarp, and nitrile), with and without pre­cleaning practices (pre­wiping and/or covering) and soil load. The test organisms were E. coli and the Ebola surrogate Phi6. All tests achieved a minimum of 5.9­ and 3.1­log removal in E. coli and Phi6, respectively. A 15­-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine was sufficient to ensure less than 8 Phi6 PFU/cm2 in all tests. While chlorine types were equally efficacious with and without soil load, variation was seen by surface type. Wiping did not increase disinfection efficacy, and is not recommended as it generates infectious waste. Covering spills decreased disinfection efficacy against E. coli on heavy ­duty tarp but does prevent splashing, which is critical in Ebola contexts. Our results support the recommendation of a 15-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine, independently of chlorine type, surface, pre­-cleaning practices, and organic matter, as an efficacious measure to interrupt disease transmission from uncontrolled spills in Ebola outbreaks.
Health & Hospitals System - Outpatient Registrations, by Month, by ZIP - Fiscal Year 2009
Enclosed data represents outpatient registrations including hospital ancillary services (e.g. laboratory, radiology, physical therapy, dialysis), primary and speciality care clinics (Fantus, Stroger Speciality Clinic, Ambulatory Screening Center, Prieto, Austin, Logan Square, Cicero, Vista, Child Advocacy Center, Woodlawn Adult Clinic, Englewood, Morton East, Near South, Sengstacke, Southside Pediatrics, Southside OB, Cottage Grove, Lincoln Robbins, Woody Winston, and OFH Speciality Clinic) same day surgery, CORE center and emergency department registrations.    2,330 of 2009 and 3,093 of 2008 zip code registrations are not included in this data file due to privacy concerns when 10 registrations or less occurred per zip code.
Hipotecas En Colombia
“La hipoteca es un derecho de prenda constituido sobre inmuebles que no dejan por eso de permanecer en poder del deudor.”   Código Civil Artículo 2432.
Building and Safety Temporary Special Event (TSE) Permits
Temporary Special Events being held within the City of Los Angeles are required to be inspected and approved by the Department of Building and Safety. A Temporary Special Event permit application is filed with the Department of Building and Safety as a prerequisite for inspection.
C-4, Deductions by Type, All Corporations
This dataset contains corporate tax statistics based on corporate tax returns (C and S Corporations).
EJECUCIÓN GASTOS A NOVIEMBRE 2019
EJECUCIÓN GASTOS A NOVIEMBRE 2019
September 2012 Encumbrances
DAGS supplied data
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Emergency Shelters – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2015-2016
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b> meal reimbursement for CACFP sites participating as emergency shelters for program year 2015-2016.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  <b>This dataset only includes claims submitted by CACFP sites operating as emergency shelters.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, Child Care Centers, At-Risk Child Care Centers, Head Start Centers, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Approved GED Testing Locations in NS
Dataset provides location information on approved GED testing locations in Nova Scotia by providing the campus, street address, city/town and geographic co-ordinates of testing sites
Cricket Fields
List of cricket fields in Edmonton
EPS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE EL BANCO, MAGDALENA
Este conjunto de Datos, contiene a las EPS que ofrecen sus servicios en el Municipio de El Banco, Magdalena
Registro de Activos de Información DNDA
El Índice de información clasificada y reservada es el registro o inventario de información producida o recibida por la entidad y que ha sido clasificada como pública, clasificada o reservada para los usuarios que la quieran acceder.
TxRC 2019 Daily Purses Paid
Purses paid by Texas tracks as reported to TxRC thru 12/31/19.
FY09 Compensation and Pension Recipients by County
<p>The Compensation and Pension by County dataset is a count of the number of veterans receiving disability compensation or pension payments from the Department of Veterans Affairs. The data is reported at the county level, by age group and by percent disability rating for each state plus recipients in Guam, Philippines and Puerto Rico.</p>
Code Compliance Investigation Response
This dataset is a subset only of Code Enforcement information and is used by the Performance Measure "Response Time to Code Complaints" https://citydata.mesaaz.gov/d/8jwz-3v2t. Some fields are calculated or derived.  Full "Code Enforcement" dataset = https://citydata.mesaaz.gov/dataset/Code-Enforcement/hgf6-yenu
CPI 3.4 Abuse/Neglect Investigations - Case Actions by County FY2010-FY2019
Child Protective Investigations (CPI) conducts either a traditional investigation or Alternative Response (AR).  Both require CPI to assess safety and take needed actions to protect a child and assess the risk of future abuse or neglect in the foreseeable future.  AR, however, allows for a more flexible, family engaging approach on lower priority cases involving alleged victims who are age 6 or older.    AR differs from traditional investigations in that there is no substantiation of allegations, no entry of perpetrators into the Central Registry (a repository for reports of child abuse and neglect), and there a heightened focus on guiding the family to plan for safety in a way that works for them and therefore sustains the safety.  Completed investigations only include those cases conducted as a traditional investigation that were not administratively closed or merged into another stage. An investigation can only be administratively closed if all allegations have a disposition of administrative closure. A completed investigation can include more than one alleged victim. Completed investigations do not include any Alternative Response cases. A description of Alternative Response and how it differs from a traditional investigation is in the CPS glossary.   At the end of a completed investigation, CPI assesses child safety, the risk of abuse or neglect in the foreseeable future, the ability of the family to reduce the risk without CPI intervention, the ability of CPI to provide needed services and other circumstances in the case to decide whether to provide ongoing services.   The Case Action Family Substitute Care includes investigations that resulted in at least one child (not necessarily all children in the home) being removed. Does not equal number of children removed.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on CPS Abuse/Neglect Investigations and all DFPS programs.
CULTIVOS TRANSITORIOS MUNICIPIO DE ANZOATEGUI
datos sobre las áreas sembradas y producción de algunos cultivos en el municipio de Anzoategui para el periodo 2017B
Residential Building Permits 2015
Summary of annual neighbourhood permits for new building construction and alterations. This data-set is from 2015 to present year. Data is updated semi-annually.
Residency Breakdown of City of Evanston Employees
The places of residency for City of Evanston Employees.  Data is current as of December 2018.
ENERGY STAR Certified Residential Freezers
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 5.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Residential Refrigerators and Freezers that are effective as of September 15, 2014. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/appliances/refrigerators/key_product_criteria
OD0028 Acute Care Hospital Expenditures from 2010
This data set provides an analysis of acute care hospital expenditures for Prince Edward Island, from 2010/11.  Hospital operating account expenditures represents funding provided by Government net of revenue to support Acute and Community Hospitals including lab and diagnostic imaging services, dialysis services and hospital pharmacy services.  The number of In-Province Acute Care beds includes only those located in the seven hospitals. Expenditures include in-patient as well as outpatient expenditures.
Human Resources - Collective Bargaining Agreements
The following are the Collective Bargaining Agreements for Cook County for the periods of 2004-2008, 2008-2010, 2012-2017 and 2017-2020
Adult Arrests
Adult arrests in Fort Lauderdale 2015-2020
Coal Production And Miner Productivity In Utah T 2.9 1960-2013
Coal Production And Miner Productivity In Utah T 2.9 1960-2013
Panorama de las Administraciones Públicas América Latina y el Caribe 2017
Panorama de las Administraciones Públicas: América Latina y el Caribe es la segunda edición de una publicación conjunta entre la Organización para la Cooperación y el Desarrollo Económico (OCDE) y el Banco Interamericano de Desarrollo (BID). La publicación provee a los lectores un conjunto clave de indicadores diseñados para informar el diseño de políticas y establecer marcos de referencia para intervenciones específicas. Este conjunto de datos especializados abarca una serie de indicadores en las áreas de finanzas públicas y empleo público.
1997-2010 CATCH Aleutian Islands POP Distribution
The data supporting the "Model Results of Aleutian Island POP distributions" manuscript are distribution and abundance of Pacific ocean perch from RACEBase, distribution of biogenic structures from RACEBase, coincident observations of environmental covariates, and some modeled habitat covariates used to assess relationships between POP distribution and abundance and their habitat. Time frame is 1997-2010 and geographic area is Aleutian Islands.
Biomass Tax Credit Program: Producer or Collector: FY 2013
Summary of Certificates·Issued·from·July·1,·2012·through·June·30,·2013 (Fiscal·Year·2013)
Latino Historical Sites
Public places and spaces highlighting the history and contributions of L.A.'s diverse Latinx communities. Access the Controller's story map for all the public places mentioned here: https://storymaps.arcgis.com/stories/af99ea8efdef4790a4c8b151b30dfb27
Number of mental health collaboratives established with schools
COESC Measure K Performance
Councillors' Ward Expenses (2017) (DEPRECATED)
DEPRECATED: Please see the multi-year dataset at https://data.edmonton.ca/Elected-Officials/Councillors-Ward-Expenses/qprk-qd35.  For information on other expense categories, refer to the other Councillors' Expenses datasets.
San Diego County Smoking Attributable Mortality
This dataset presents smoking attributable deaths for San Diego County by condition and overall categories for those 35 years of age and older.   2014-2016. For data by HHSA Region or archived years, please visit www.sdhealthstatistics.com  Methods: Fractions by the Centers for Disease Control, Smoking‐Attributable Mortality, Morbidity, and Economic Costs (SAMMEC) System. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK294316/table/ch12.t4/?report=objectonly	 Note: Deaths with unknown age or sex were not included in the analysis. Deaths were pulled using 2016 ICD 10 codes.  Source: California Department of Public Health, Center for Health Statistics, Office of Health Information and Research, Vital Records Business Intelligence System (2016). Prepared by County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.	  Note: COPD = chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.	 a - Other cancers consist of cancers of the lip, pharynx and oral cavity, esophagus, stomach, pancreas, larynx, cervix uteri (women), kidney and renal pelvis, bladder, liver, colon and rectum, and acute myeloid leukemia.	 b - Other heart disease comprised of rheumatic heart disease, pulmonary heart disease, and other forms of heart disease.	 c - Cerebrovascular diseases ICD-10 Codes: I60-I69  d - Other vascular diseases are comprised of atherosclerosis, aortic aneurysm, and other arterial diseases.	 e - Pulmonary diseases consists of pneumonia, influenza, emphysema, bronchitis, and chronic airways obstruction.	 f - Prenatal conditions (All Ages) comprised of ICD-10 codes: K55.0, P00.0, P01.0, P01.1, P01.5, P02.0, P02.1, P02.7, P07.0–P07.3, P10.2, P22.0–P22.9, P25.0–P27.9, P28.0, P28.1, P36.0–P36.9, P52.0–P52.3, and P77 (Dietz et al. 2010).	 g - Sudden Infant Death Syndrome ((All Ages) ICD-10 code R95
Fleet - Unit Information
Fleet unit information
Bases de Datos de Gestión del Riesgo
Información consolidada de eventos (emergencias o desastres) sucedidos y su caracterización Gobernacion Huila
Kane County Employment Projections 2012-2022
This data set contains employment projections, educational levels, average wages for projected jobs in Beaver, Garfield, Iron and Kane counties.
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD ATENDIDAS EN URGENCIAS E.S.E HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA 2014
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS MUESTRA EL PORCENTAJE DE LAS PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD  ATENDIDAS EN URGENCIAS  EN LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA DURANTE EL AÑO 2014
Bicycle Facilities
This dataset contains the city-wide network of on-street bike facilities and off-street shared-use facilities. An on-street bike lane is an area of the roadway designated by signing, striping, and pavement markings for the exclusive use by bicyclists. An on-street bike route is a roadway designated by signing where bicycling conditions are favorable and which directly connect destinations and other multi-modal uses. Off-street facilities are categorized as paved shared-use paths, paved canal paths, and unpaved canal paths. These facilities are exclusive to non-motorized users and have minimal vehicular traffic. Paved and unpaved canal paths are located along canal access roads while the paved shared-use path designation captures all other off-street shared-use path facilities. This data is updated annually and reflects current facilities.
Voter Turnout Since 1986
Eligible voters and actual voters for each election held in Strathcona County since 1986.
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Carbon Monoxide (CO) Hourly Data Halifax
Hourly ambient carbon monoxide (CO) data in parts per million from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2018. This air quality station was established to replace the "Halifax Vogue" air quality monitoring station which ceased monitoring at the end of 2017. The Halifax Vogue station was less than 1 block away from the new "Halifax Johnston" station.
Convenios interadministrativos
Convenios Interadministrativos existentes entre las Unidades Tecnológicas de Santander y otras entidades estatales, para el apoyo de acceso y permanencia de estudiantes de los estratos 1, 2 y 3 beneficiarios del programa de becas universitarias que ofrecen los municipios.
Directorio Hoteles Pore Casanare
Directorio de los hoteles ubicados en el municipio de Pore, Patrimonio Historico y cultural de3 la nacion
Takata Recall
Tens of millions of vehicles with Takata air bags are under recall. Long-term exposure to high heat and humidity can cause these air bags to explode when deployed. Such explosions have caused injuries and deaths.   NHTSA urges vehicle owners to take a few simple steps to protect themselves and others from this very serious threat to safety.  This dataset tracks various progress indicators for the recall.
Cities Expense 2015_17 Open Expenditures
TEST
General Excise and Use Tax Collections
This series shows taxable income and taxes collected for the general excise tax, broken down by activity of the taxpayer (e.g., retailing, services, contracting, etc.)
RESPONSABILIDAD PENAL  SEPTIEMBRE  2020
Estudiantes matriculados en instituciones educativas del Departamento de Santander privados y no privados de libertad
Independent Expenditures For or Against State Candidates or Ballot Issues in Iowa
Iowa Code section 68A.404 as amended by 2010 Iowa Acts, SF 2354 requires an individual or organization that expends in excess of $1000 in the aggregate to expressly advocate the election or defeat or a candidate or ballot issue to file a statement within 48 hours of the independent expenditure. An independent expenditure is a communication that is made without being coordinated with a campaign. Registered state committees are not required to file the form as their expenditures are already reported. These individuals or organizations have filed independent expenditures for or against state candidates.
New York State Enacted Budget Capital Appropriations: 2017-2018
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the FY 2018 Enacted Budget
Expenditures: ESD: LBL: FY2013
Summary of expenditures for LBL ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
Escenarios Deportivos De Baranoa
En esta sección encontraremos los diferentes escenarios deportivos del municipio del Baranoa
Consolidado de Cobertura Anual Vacunación en los municipios de Antioquia desde 1980
Este conjunto de datos contiene las coberturas anuales de vacunación en los municipios de Antioquia, por vacuna y grupos de edad, desde el año 1980. Se actualiza cada año con los datos acumulados a diciembre del año anterior (una vez validados y certificados los datos). A partir de los datos de población y número de niños vacunados, se puede obtener el porcentaje de cobertura para cada vacuna, en cada municipio. NOTAS acerca de los datos: Vacunados Polio: Total de terceras dosis de polio aplicadas a población menor de un año Vacunados DPT : Total de terceras dosis de DPT (Difteria, Tos ferina, Tétanos) aplicadas a población menor de un año Vacunados BCG: Total de dosis única de BCG aplicada a población menor de un año Vacunados Hepatitis B: Total de terceras dosis de Hepatitis B aplicada a población menor de un año Vacunados Haemophilus Influenza: Total de terceras dosis de Haemophilus Influenzae tipo b (Hib) aplicadas a población menor de un año Vacunados Rotavirus: Total de segundas dosis de Rotavirus (RV) aplicadas a población menor de un año Vacunados Neumococo menores 1: Total de segundas dosis de Neumococo aplicadas a población menor de un año Vacunados Triple Viral: Total de dosis única de Triple Viral (Sarampión Rubeola Parotiditis - SRP) aplicadas a población de un año de edad Vacunados Fiebre Amarilla: Total de dosis de Fiebre Amarilla aplicadas a población de un año Vacunados Neumococo 1Año: Total de dosis de Refuerzo de neumococo aplicadas a población de un año Vacunados Hepatitis A: Total de dosis única de Hepatitis A aplicadas a población de un año Vacunados Influenza 6a23meses: Total de segundas dosis de Influenza (Antigripal) aplicadas a población de 6 a 23 meses de edad Vacunados Varicela:  Total de dosis única aplicadas a población de un año  La vacuna Haemophilus Influenzae Tipo b se comenzó a aplicar a partir del año 1998  La vacuna de Rotavirus se comenzó a aplicar en el año 2009  La vacuna de Neumococo se comenzó a aplicar a partir del año 2011  La vacuna Triple Viral (SRP) se comenzó a aplicar a partir del año 1995  La vacuna de Fiebre Amarilla se comenzó a aplicar a partir del año 2003  La vacuna de Hepatitis A se comenzó a aplicar a partir del año 2013  La vacuna de Influenza se aplica a partir del año 2007  La vacuna de Varicela se aplica a partir de julio del año 2015
Capital Commitment Actuals
This dataset contains agency summary level data for total and city funded capital commitment actuals.  The dollar amount fields are rounded to millions. Data are from FY 2002 and updated once a year after annual capital commitment numbers are final.  Usually, they are updated along with the adopted financial plan between October and December each year.
Energy and Water Data Disclosure for Local Law 84 2017 (Data for Calendar Year 2016)
Data and metrics on water and energy consumption in buildings over 50,000 ft2.
Sanitary Sewer Overflows
Data on Sanitary Sewer Overflows and similar measures from the City of Plano
Excess Federal Property Holdings Utah
This data set contains buildings and structures in Utah currently designated as excess owned by the federal government. These properties range from sheds to underutilized office buildings and empty warehouses. Many of these assets will be disposed through demolition and transfers. Every excess asset taken off the books represents progress in the form of reduced operating and maintenance expenses.
Conexiones Nuevas Saneamiento Hídrico 2016
REPORTE CON NÚMERO DE SOLICITUDES AL MES DE CONEXIÓN DE SANEAMIENTO HÍDRICO
Unrestricted Fund Balance
This dataset shows the unrestricted fund balance at the end of each fiscal year compared to the total expenditures for that year.  The unrestricted fund balance is published each year in the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report.
Programas Ofertados en los Establecimientos de Educación para el Trabajo y el Desarrollo Humano
Presenta la información de los programas educativos que se ofertan en los establecimientos educativos que ofrecen educación para el trabajo y el desarrollo humano en el Municipio de Sincelejo, según lo extraído del reporte realizado al sistema de información de educación para el trabajo -SIET-.
2014 Community Survey
2014 Community Survey - Input will be used to help improve the quality of city services and set priorities for the community.    View Survey - https://www.dallasopendata.com/api/views/8uai-e8aw/files/qTtqNtLAZzSj75XuR3NhHu5JejJ586NcjZGFfjEmsYw?download=true&filename=Dallas-2014-DF-Survey.pdf
ESTABLECIMIENTOS DE COMERCIO 2020
En esta base usted podrá encontrar información de los establecimientos de comercio inscritos en el Municipio de La Unión
NTIS - Number of information products disseminated (annual)
This measure represents the volume of information disseminated to the public and includes compact disks, diskettes, tapes, online subscriptions, electronic document downloads, web site pages, as well as traditional paper products. NTIS recently deployed it new Next Generation 2.0 website and has initiated the use of Social Media technology as part of its Outreach and Education activities to further the success of this goal.
Employee Position IDs
Current and approved Camas employee positions.
Ambulance Patient Offload Delay Data, 2012 to Present
This data is collected from the dispatch data of Riverside County's primary contracted 9-1-1 medical response provider, American Medical Response (AMR). It is the interval that ambulance crews and patients are retained past the initial 30 minutes after arrival to the Emergency Department. This data is used to evaluate hospital Emergency Department compliance with the offload standard and evaluate how the impact of offload delays may be affecting the 9-1-1 response system.
Hospital Service Area File - 2015
This file is derived from the calendar year inpatient claims data. This file contains summarized information by provider number and ZIP code of the Medicare beneficiary. This file includes: -number of discharges,  -length of stay, and  -total charges.
Indicadores de calidad resolución 256 de 2016
Corresponde a los indicadores de monitoreo de la calidad en salud.
Spotted Seal Distribution
This dataset contains GIS layers that depict the known spatial distributions (i.e., ranges) and reported breeding areas of spotted seals (Phoca largha). It was produced as part of a U.S. Endangered Species Act status review, which included delineating the species in question and assessing its risk of extinction within the foreseeable future throughout all or a significant portion of its range. Its boundaries are based on previously published range maps and/or descriptions of the species' distribution in published or unpublished accounts. All boundaries should be considered approximate.
2015-2016 Suspension Report NYPD Contacts - STH
Suspensions reported by Student in Temporary Housing (STB), Student with Disabilities, Race, Gender, English Language Learner (ELL), Date of Birth, Grade Level
Juab County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Juab County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Average Weekday Daily Traffic
Average weekday daily traffic volumes within the City of Redmond
Veterans Services Report
This datasets contains data pertaining to certain City services offered to veterans as mandated by Local Law 23 of 2015. Data is provided on an annual basis by calendar year and is disaggregated by borough where available. Applicants self-report veteran status when applying for City services.
City of Edmonton Cemeteries - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many, from the April 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/S.aspx?s=868&r=bw4hh6S508nh9KK5g512C1&t=1    Open from April 17 - 24, 2018.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,774 Insight Community Members. 2,221 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 29%. A total of 2,239 respondents completed the survey: 2,221 Insight Community Members and 10 from the call to action button on our webpage and 8 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
PSP FY16 REC Schedule B2
PSP FY16 REC Schedule B2
311 Stats V3
Extremely experimental and has not been tested for accuracy. This is for testing purposes only.
Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) Debtor Information in Colorado
This dataset includes Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) financing statements, effective financing statements (EFS), and liens. Fields in this dataset include action reference codes and types, debtor name, address and status. This data set is provided by the Colorado Department of State (CDOS).
PDI (Police Data Initiative) Use of Force
*This information will not be updated while the Cincinnati Police Department undergoes transfer to a new data management system.*  Data Description: This data represents use of force incidents by the Cincinnati Police Department. Use of force can generally be defined as the means of compelling compliance or overcoming resistance to an officer’s command(s) in order to protect life or property or to take a person into custody.   Data Creation: This data is created through reporting by the Cincinnati Police Department.  Data Created By: The source of this data is the Cincinnati Police Department.  Refresh Frequency: This data is updated daily.  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/quk6-rcaw  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
Crude Oil Production In Utah 25 Largest Fields T3.8 2004
Crude Oil Production In Utah 25 Largest Fields T3.8 2004
Fall Enrollment By Race Ethnicity And Gender By Charter School Utah 2008
Fall Enrollment By Race Ethnicity And Gender By Charter School Utah 2008
State Drug Utilization Data 1994
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
Utility Contact Center Call Distribution For FY 2017
The City of Austin Utility Contact Center is managed by Austin Energy. This is the place customers call to start, stop, or transfer utility services. The center receives about 6,000 calls per day on average and Online Customer Care handles about 12,000 requests per month.
Grain Transportation Cost Indicators
This data shows the weekly cost indices of transporting grain by each mode: truck, rail, barge, and ocean-going vessels. The base of each index (set to 100) is the average of monthly costs in the year 2000. For truck, the base rate is $1.49 per gallon. For unit train, the base rate is $1,815.15 per railcar, including the tariff and fuel surcharges (weekly changes reflect the month tariff rate plus fuel surcharge, and weekly secondary railcar market bids). For shuttle train, the base rate is $2,338.28 per railcar, including the tariff and fuel surcharges (weekly changes reflect the month tariff rate plus fuel surcharge, and weekly secondary railcar market bids). For barge, the base rate is 180 and is based on Illinois River barge rates (see Downbound Grain Barge Rates dataset for more information). For the Gulf-to-Japan ocean route, the base rate is $22.36/metric ton. For the Pacific Northwest-to-Japan ocean route, the base rate is $14.10/metric ton.
Población Estudiantil Básica Primaria del Municipio de Villanueva Casanare
Total población estudiantil a corte 28 de febrero de 2018, fuente SIMAT Villanueva Casanare.
Enfermedades de Transmision Sexual
Registro de Enfermedades de transmision Sexual desde el año 2013 al año 2016
MBDA-Jobs Created and Retained
MBDA tracks job creation and job retention through its national network of Minority Business Centers, Advanced Manufacturing Centers, the Federal Procurement Center, and the American Indian, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian Broad Agency Announcements.
2020 Grant for Technology Opportunities Program Awardees
This data represents the 2020 awardees of the Grant for Technology Opportunities Program and essential information on each awardee's program.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH30 B124 POST-VIETNAM ERA VETERANS’ EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE OCT2018
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAM to provide educational assistance to persons entering the Armed Forces after December 31, 1976, and before July 1, 1985; to assist persons in obtaining an education they might otherwise not be able to afford; and to promote and assist the all volunteer military program of the United States by attracting qualified persons to serve in the Armed Forces. The participant must have entered on active duty on or after January 1, 1977, and before July 1, 1985, and either served on active duty for more than 180 continuous days receiving an other than dishonorable discharge, or have been discharged after January, 1, 1977 because of a service-connected disability. Also eligible are participants who serve for more than 180 days and who continue on active duty and have completed their first period of obligated service (or 6 years of active duty, whichever comes first). Participants must also have satisfactorily contributed to the program. (Satisfactory contribution consists of monthly deduction of $25 to $100 from military pay, up to a maximum of $2,700, for deposit in a special training fund.) Participants may make lump-sum contributions. No individuals on active duty in the Armed Forces may initially begin contributing to this program after March 31, 1987.</p>
Baseline Survey for an Impact Evaluation of the Greenbelt Transformation Initiative in South Sudan-Data: Section 4
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the fourth spreadsheet of seven in the Baseline Survey for an Impact Evaluation of the Greenbelt Transformation Initiative in South Sudan-Data.
Approved Captive Management Firms Utah
This data set contains approved Captive Management firms in Utah as provided by the Utah Dept of Insurance.
Strategic Measure_Increased knowledge (culture, history, art)
Percentage of participants who respond to an on-site survey reporting that the activity that they just witnessed contributed to their overall knowledge and understanding of world cultures, world history and/or arts of every discipline.  This data set supports measure CLL.C.5 of SD23.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Percentage-of-participants-in-City-supported-event/ht8x-aijb/
Mortalidad por desnutrición en menores de cinco años periodos 2014,2015,2016 y 2017 en el Departamento del Putumayo.
Este conjunto de datos contiene el número de casos de mortalidad por desnutrición en niños menores de cinco años, en el departamento del Putumayo durante los años 2014, 2015 ,2016 y hasta 31 de marzo de 2017.
plan_operativo_anual_de_inversiones_(POAI)
Es un instrumento de gestion que permite ejecutar las acciones definidas en el plan de desarrollo para alcanzar los objetivos y metas establecidas para cada vigencia
2017-2018 Graduation Outcomes Borough
"Cohorts of 2001 through 2014 (Classes of 2005 through 2018) Graduation Outcomes by Borough as Calculated by the New York State Education Department"
Express Lane Eligibility for Medicaid and CHIP Coverage
States may rely on eligibility information from "Express Lane" agency programs to streamline and simplify enrollment and renewal in Medicaid and CHIP. Express Lane agencies may include Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), School Lunch programs, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, Head Start, and the Women, infant, and children's program (WIC) , among others. States can also use state income tax data to determine Medicaid and CHIP eligibility for children.
Percent of Adults with an Asthma Action, Management, or Treatment Plan, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2013
Ratio: Percent of adults 18+ with an Asthma action, management, or treatment plan.    Definition: Percent of adults 18+ with Asthma who reportedly have an Asthma action, management, or treatment plan, according to the results of Asthma Call-Back Survey.    Data Sources:  NJBRFS Asthma Call-Back Survey, Center for Health Statistics, New Jersey Department of Health
Revised Notice of Property Value (RNOPV)
Every January, Finance mails New York City property owners a Notice of Property Value (NOPV). This important notice has information about your property’s market and assessed values. Finance determines your property’s value every year, according to State law. The Cityʼs property tax rates are applied to the assessed value to calculate your property taxes for the next tax year. You get your first tax bill for the year in June. If you believe the values or property descriptions on the NOPV are not correct.
Persona Con Discapacidad Rango De Edad
se hace un análisis de la población del municipio y se encuentra con 468 personas con discapacidad y se hace un rango de edad
USUARIOS DEL SERVICIO DE ASEO 2020
Base de datos del servicio de aseo en el municipio de Caicedonia para el año 2020
2009 Veterans' Insurance Expenditure by Congressional District
<p>2009 Veteran life insurance expenditures by congressional district.  Expenditures represented the actual disbursements from Insurance's Award and Inforce systems.</p>
Alaska Steller sea lion capture, marking, and handling data 1985-2018
This database contains information on individual sea lions that were marked or handled from 1985-2018.  Individuals were handled for various projects including vital rate, telemetry and health studies. Many of the animals were either flipper tagged or branded. Capture techniques vary including; hand-capture of  pups, hoop netting and underwater captures of juveniles, dart-delivered sedation of adult females, and floating pen capture of sub-adult and adult males. This dataset is associated with NMFS InPort Metadata Record #17918
Cook County Clerk - Tax code Rates
Tax code rates for Tax Years 2006 through 2013. Data is updated yearly. For more information on Tax codes visit the Cook County Clerk's website at: http://www.cookcountyclerk.com/tsd/Pages/default.aspx
Contratos Realizados Por La Alcaldía De Castilla La Nueva vigencia 2017- septiembre 2020
Listado de contratos realizados durante las vigencia 2017, 2018 , 2019, septiembre 2020 el cual incluye información publicada en el portal de contratos.gov.co
CorStat - Facebook Summary V2
Summary of social media statistics and metrics for the City of Corona's Facebook accounts. Data is provided by Sprout Social, a social media monitoring tool. Due to formatting changes by the vendor, this is version 2 of the dataset. Historical data is available in a separate dataset.<br> <b>Update Frequency:</b> Monthly<br> <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
County Comparison
Comparing Counties by population and cases processed by line attorneys. Does not include management and supervisory attorneys.
Vision Zero Calendar of Events
This dataset powers the calendar view of Vision Zero-related events.
OEM Emergency Notifications
Messages sent with information about emergency events and important City services
Bronx 2010 Census Houshold Demographics by PUMA
household demographics as collected in the 2010 census displayed by PUMA (public use microdatal area). More information about the PUMA definition can be found here: https://www.census.gov/geo/reference/puma.html  Data acquired from Lehman College Geography Department faculty
Stripper Gas Well Production By State T4.9 2006
Stripper Gas Well Production By State T4.9 2006
Lindon City Police Crime Data
Lindon City Police & Crime data.
DOHMH Farmers Markets
This is a list of farmers markets across the five boroughs. Farmers market vendors, products, and EBT acceptance varies by venue.
Learning Improvement Information Center:  Regional Indicators for Size
This dataset consists of statistics that summarize the size of the education system. Main indicators: number of students, schools, and teachers.  <br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/8vx9-h8dg</b></br></br>
Childhood Asthma Emergency Department Visits
This Indicator measures the age-adjusted rate of asthma-related emergency department visits per 100,000 children under 5 years of age. Data is from 2013 through the third quarter of 2015.
Race/Ethnicity Demographics
Race/ethnicity demographics in New Orleans, Metro New Orleans, and the United States, 2016
Parking Meters
A. SUMMARY Location, cap color and other key attributes of parking meters in San Francisco. Does not include operating schedules or rate schedules.  B. METHODOLOGY  Updated via the SFpark data warehouse (Parking Space Inventory) by meter shop staff, with manual updates sourced from SFMTA CAD drawings and MTAB resolutions.   C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  Updated weekly.  D. OTHER CRITICAL INFO   For active meters only, filter for "Active_Met" = 'M" or "T". Meter operating and rate schedules are more complex and available as separate tables. Key field for joining is the Parking Space ID field.
Plan de Alimentación Escolar PAE - Focalización
Focalización Plan de Alimentación Escolar PAE en el Municipio de Santiago de Cali, discriminado por Institución, Comuna, Zona, Grupo, Modalidad,
Electric Service Outage Index (2010 - Current Year)
System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI) Outage in Minutes. SAIDI is the average outage duration for each customer served, and is calculated as the sum of all customer interruption durations divided by the total number of customers served . SAIDI is measured in minutes or hours over the course of a year, and according to IEEE Standard 1366-1998 the median value for North American utilities is approximately 1.50 hours.
Timberland Regional Library Circulation
This dataset reports on physical materials borrowed for the Timberland Regional Library District, a five-county rural library district serving Thurston, Lewis, Mason, Pacific, and Grays Harbor counties. It includes a count of items by each library location, year, and month from 2011 to the present.
City Operations Greenhouse Gas Emissions
This data set contains the data behind the Corporate GHG Emissions Measure on the Citizens' Dashboard.  The City monitors greenhouse gas emissions from its corporate operations as part of its commitment to lead the community in reducing emissions and ensuring Edmontonians live in an environmentally sustainable city.   Staff calculate city operations' greenhouse gas emissions using international standards. These standards include tracking emissions from the city's vehicle and bus fleets and LRT trains, natural gas used to heat City-owned buildings and recreation facilities, electricity used, and emissions resulting from services such as water, solid waste and wastewater treatment.
Parking Citations 2017
Parking citations in Oakland from 2017.  Data has been cleaned of personal information but data entry errors still remain.  Address geocoding was performed by Open Oakland, a Code for America Brigade. Please visit openoakland.org  Geocoder ratings above 1 are more likely to have location errors.
Economía del municipio
La principal base de la economía del Municipio de Guatavita es la Ganadería doble propósito basada en la producción de leche y la agricultura siendo la papa su principal renglón. En el sector urbano el sostenimiento económico de la población es el turismo, la gastronomía y la producción artesanal complementando con la prestación de servicios de guianza turística.
Procurement Report for Local Authorities
Public authorities are required by Section 2800 of Public Authorities Law to submit annual reports to the Authorities Budget Office that include procurement contracts data.  The dataset consists of procurement contracts data reported by Local Authorities beginning with fiscal years ending in 2011. Authorities are required to report procurement transactions that have an actual or estimated value of $5,000 or more.
City Fleet Fuel Types
This dataset presents fuel types for the city fleet vehicles for Fiscal Year 2016-2017.
Vehicle for Hire Bylaws Violated  - by Month and Type
This dataset is an aggregated summary of Inspections and the corresponding Bylaw that was violated by Year, Month and Vehicle for Hire Type:  - Year and month  - Vehicle for Hire Type.  Can be one of the following: Limo, Party bus, Taxi, Transportation Network Vehicle (TNV) and Other.  - Violated Bylaw Name   - Violated Bylaw Section   - Warnings Given  - Tickets Issued  - Other Enforcement Actions Taken    Note: One Inspection can result in a number of Tickets/Warnings or Other Enforcement Actions as well as a number of Bylaw Names and Bylaw sections that were violated.
Annexation Activity
Annexation is when unincorporated property becomes incorporated into the city. This data set contains annexation activity beginning in 1985 to present. Explore the data lens associated with this data set to experience this data through different visualizations.
VA-OHE-NVHER-FY13-Diagnoses-Mental-Illness
A subset of the FY13 National Veteran Health Equity Report, filtered by mental illness.  The National Veteran Health Equity Report details patterns and provides comparative rates of health conditions for vulnerable Veteran groups. Specifically, this report is designed to provide basic comparative information on the sociodemographics, utilization patterns and rates of diagnosed health conditions among the groups over which the VHA Office of Health Equity (OHE) has responsibility with respect to monitoring, evaluating and acting on identified disparities in access, use, care, quality and outcomes. The report allows the VA, Veterans, and stakeholders to monitor the care vulnerable Veterans receive and set goals for improving their care.
Year to Date Vehicle GPS Data: Department of Public Services
Data Description: GPS path data for vehicles used by the Department of Public Services equipped with a GPS since the start of the year. This includes street sweepers, trash packers, and snowplows.   Data Creation: Data generated by GPS units on DPS vehicles  Data Created By: DPS  Refresh Frequency: Daily  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Veedurías inscritas en la Personería Municipal de Susa Cundinamarca año 2020
Veedurías inscritas en la Personería Municipal de Susa
RSBS: Single Family On-Site Inspections, Site-Level, New York State Residential Statewide Baseline Study
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), in collaboration with the New York State Department of Public Service (DPS), conducted a statewide residential baseline study (study) from 2011 to 2014 of the single-family and multifamily residential housing segments, including new construction, and a broad range of energy uses and efficiency measures.  This dataset includes data collected from a total of 700 on-site inspections of single family buildings. The types of data collected during the inspections covers property characteristics, heating and cooling equipment, water heating equipment, appliances, lighting, clothes washing and drying, miscellaneous energy using equipment, and observable operating behavior.  The objective of the inspections was to enhance the residential baseline study with detailed on-site information and, to the degree possible, verify self-reported data from the phone and web surveys.
PreK Vendors by Transportation Site
Summary of documented students by school/site
USA SPENDING CH39 B100 AUTOMOBILE AND ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT ALLOWANCE DEC2018
<p>VBA PROGRAM BENEFITS for Automobiles and Adaptive Equipment for Certain Disabled Veterans and Members of the Armed Forces. Veterans with honorable service and servicepersons on duty having a service-connected disability due to loss or permanent loss of use of one or both feet, one or both hands, or a permanent impairment of vision of both eyes to a prescribed degree. For adaptive equipment only, eligibility also exists if there is service-connected ankylosis of one or both knees or one or both hips. Personnel on active duty also qualify under the same criteria as veterans. Uses &amp; Use Restrictions:  Assistance toward purchase of an automobile or other conveyance is a one-time payment only. Necessary adaptive equipment may be furnished, repaired, replaced, or reinstalled on a conveyance which may be purchased with assistance or any other conveyance subsequently or previously acquired. Adaptive equipment will be provided for no more than two conveyances during any four-year period unless one of those two vehicles becomes unavailable to the veteran.</p>
Eventos Culturales Municipio De Pasto a 05-04-2018
Eventos Culturales Durante el año 2018 Municipio de Pasto
For Hire Vehicles (FHV) - Active
<b>PLEASE NOTE:</b> This dataset, which includes all TLC licensed for-hire vehicles which are in good standing and able to drive, is updated every day in the evening between 4-7pm. Please check the 'Last Update Date' field to make sure the list has updated successfully. 'Last Update Date'  should show either today or yesterday's date, depending on the time of day. If the list is outdated, please download the most recent list from the link below.   http://www1.nyc.gov/assets/tlc/downloads/datasets/tlc_for_hire_vehicle_active_and_inactive.csv    TLC authorized For-Hire vehicles that are active. This list is accurate to the date and time represented in the Last Date Updated and Last Time Updated fields. For inquiries about the contents of this dataset, please email licensinginquiries@tlc.nyc.gov.
Tabla de porcentaje de conexión a las redes wifi por Edad del Departamento del Atlantico a Junio 2019
Conexión a las redes wifi por Edad del Departamento del Atlantico a Junio 2019.
Long-term Residential Vacancy
This Indicator measures the percent of residential addresses that have been identified as “vacant” by the United States Postal Service (USPS) for at least two years. Data is collected and aggregated at the census tract level by the USPS on a quarterly basis.
Weber County Opioid Prescriptions 2006_2012
This data set contains opioid prescriptions dispensed in Weber County from 2006-2012 as reported to the Drug Enforcement Agencies ARCOS database.  The data contains the manufacturer, distributor & pharmacy that dispensed the opoid as well as the dosage and strength.
Mortalidad Por Dengue En Niños(as) Y Adolescentes
Mortalidad Por Dengue En Niños(as) Y Adolescentes (2010-2016)
Monitores Casa de la Cultura de Monterrey - Casanare
Listado de los monitores y sus disciplinas pertenecientes a la casa de la cultura del Municipio de Monterrey - Casanare.
Contracts Register - 2000 to 2016
List of contracts and their details. The execution date of the contracts commence in 2000 and end in 2016. This data is a historical snapshot and no updates are to be provided.
Parks Bollards
Bollards are short, vertical posts designed to obscure passageways or direct traffic flow.
Issued Sign/Banner Permits
This dataset was created by the City of Austin to compile information regarding all  sign/banner permits folders in AMANDA. The dataset contains information regarding the type, size, applicant, and location of the sign and permit. It also includes geographic information like Council District and Jurisdiction Type.   The point dataset contains information regarding issued sign/banner permits that were created if the permit is tied to a property. Information in this dataset has been retrieved from the City's Application MANagement and Data Automation (AMANDA) database. The dataset contains information on location, banner direction, illumination type, variance requirement, installation date, type of sign, and removal date.
Aid to the Blind Payments by the Department of Social Services
CT Aid to the Blind
Local Law 7-2018 Qualified Transactions
List of sales of select rent-regulated multiple dwellings that are evaluated for the Speculation Watch List. This list is promulgated pursuant to Local Law 7 of 2018 and 28 RCNY Chapter 52. A subset of these data are provided as the Speculation Watch List.  Please note that borough, block, and lot is the best geographic identifier for this data set, and Building Identification Number (BIN) is provided for convenience only. BIN as provided in this dataset may be inaccurate, as more than one BIN may be associated with borough, block, and lot.  A subset of these data are provided as the <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Housing-Development/Speculation-Watch-List/adax-9mit">Speculation Watch List</a>.
WA RCO SCORP 2013 Dataset Part 6 of 7
This dataset is a survey of outdoor recreation demand which includes responses from 3,114 residents of Washington state who were interviewed by phone between August 27 and October 26, 2012. The telephone survey was conducted using random digit dialing.  To meet the regional planning requirements of the project, the sample was stratified by the 10 planning regions in Washington (see the 2013 SCORP Plan, Appendix A for survey methodology and map). The consultant obtained a minimum of 300 completed interviews in each region.  Within each region, the results were weighted by demographic characteristics so that the sample was representative of residents of that region.  For statewide results, each region was weighted to be in proper proportion to the state population as a whole.  Study findings are representative at the statewide level as well as by planning region.  Any manipulation or analysis of the data should take this sampling approach and weighting into account.
Proportion of employees in management positions, by sex and management level, per 100, 2019, N.B. / Proportion d'employés occupant des postes de direction, par sexe et niveau de direction, pour 100, 2019, N.B.
Proportion of women and men employed in management occupations for the province of New Brunswick, 2019. / Proportion de femmes et d'hommes occupant des postes de gestion dans la province du Nouveau-Brunswick, 2019.
ENERGY STAR Certified Products - Non-lighting
This data set contains a simplified list of all currently certified ENERGY STAR Non-lighting models with basic model information collected across all product categories including ENERGY STAR Unique IDs, ENERGY STAR partners, model names and numbers, and brand names. Learn more about ENERGY STAR products at www.energystar.gov/products. A full list of ENERGY STAR specifications can be found at www.energystar.gov/specifications.
Inventario de programas deposgradosacreditados
Dats sobre el proceso de acreditación de los programas de posgrado de la Universidad del Valle
FY2015 Official Enrollment
This data set provides the enrollment information of students who were enrolled on September 30th, 2014 by grade level and demographic subgroups. In accordance with federal and state guidelines, results are not reported (--) for groups with fewer than twenty (20) students enrolled.
West Coast MPA Valuation Data
This research employs a stated preference choice experiment survey of households in California, Oregon, and Washington to quantify public preferences and simulate a suite of different marine protected areas (MPA) designs and their associated values. The research pertains specifically to MPAs in U.S. federal waters (waters 3 to 200 miles from shore) off the coasts of California, Washington, and Oregon West Coast, hereafter referred to as west coast federal waters.
Correo electrónicos Institucionales Alcaldia Municipal de Armero Guayabal-Tolima
Correos electrónicos Intitucionales de Armero Guayabal Tolima
Average Price Of Natural Gas Delivered To Consumers By State And Sector T4.17 2007
Average Price Of Natural Gas Delivered To Consumers By State And Sector T4.17 2007
DSS Medical Benefit Plan Participation by Month CY 2012-2020
Number of active recipients who received benefits under a medical benefit plan in that calendar year and month. A recipient may have received benefits from multiple plans in the same month; if so that recipient will be included in multiple categories in this dataset (counted more than once.) 2020 is a partial year. For privacy considerations, a count of zero is used for counts less than five. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, corrections in the ImpaCT system for January and February 2019 caused the addition of around 2000 and 3000 recipients respectively, and the counts for many types of assistance (e.g. SNAP) were adjusted upward for those 2 months. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed:     1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016.     2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree.\ NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 11/30/2018 the counts were revised because of a change in the way active recipients were counted in one source system.
2016-2017 SHSAT Admissions Test Offers By Sending School
SHSAT Admissions test offers.
Legislators By City
Oregon Representatives and Senators by City for the 2015-2017 Legislative Session
Casas De Justicia Del Municipio De Santiago De Cali 2018
La Subsecretaria de Acceso a Servicios de Justicia pone a su disposición las Casas De Justicia Del Municipio De Santiago De Cali 2018
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACION DE LA GOBERNACIÓN DEL ATLANTICO
La tabla contiene información correspondiente a los registros de activos de información de la Gobernación del Atlántico.
Equipo de Bomberos Quimbaya
este set de datos contiene informacio sobre los elementos con los que trabajan los bomberos y como es el estado
Campaign Finance - Filers with Delinquent Campaign Filings
According to the records of the City Clerk (the City's local filing officer), the Oakland Public Ethics Commission has identified the campaign finance disclosure filers in this table as non-responsive (NR) filers.  NR filers are those that have not responded to two or more written notices and one or more verbal notices regarding past-due campaign finance reporting.  Please note that Public Ethics Commission records are subject to change and the table below may not include all NR filers or reflect recent activity.  The NR filers are encouraged to contact the Commission because continued failure to file may result in an enforcement action.  Posted NR filers are removed from the list after filing their past-due campaign statement(s) or five years have elapsed since the applicable filing deadline.
Pago de servicio Codensa Colegios Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística pago de servicio Codensa Colegios Municipio de Chia 2018
OGG - SCGC Transition Project
2019-Present. Event tracking for Socrata Connected Government Cloud transition project stages. Stages include scoping, data loaded, assets built, and final review. Stages are logged at stage completion.
Development Services CIP
This is a list of all of the Development Services Capital Improvement Projects. This dataset is updated nightly
Reclamaciones Saneamiento 2016
INFORME CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE SANEAMIENTO DE AGUA
FD- Permit Locations
Fire Marshal's Office permit inspection locations throughout Camas and Washougal.
Geographic - Pierce County Vacant Land
Data identifies the"vacant" in existing land use of tax parcels in Pierce County (as of March 2017). Data is sourced from The Assessor-Treasurer's  existing land use data .
Property Assessment History
Property Assessment History.    Update Frequency:  Quarterly
Datos de calidad del aire en la estación La Flora 2010 a 2018 en Santiago de Cali
La estación La Flora ubicada en el norte de la ciudad de Santiago de Cali, es una estación automática que reporta información horaria al centro de control del DAGMA. Mide los niveles de Material Particulado Menor a 10 micrómetros (PM10), Dióxido de Azufre (SO2), Dióxido de Nitrógeno (NO2), Monóxido de Carbono (CO), Ozono (O3) y variables meteorológicas como velocidad del viento, dirección del viento, temperatura, humedad, radiación solar y precipitación.  La estación La Flora ubicada en el norte de la ciudad de Santiago de Cali, es una estación automática que reporta información horaria al centro de control del DAGMA. Mide los niveles de Material Particulado Menor a 10 micrómetros (PM10), Dióxido de Azufre (SO2), Dióxido de Nitrógeno (NO2), Monóxido de Carbono (CO), Ozono (O3) y variables meteorológicas como velocidad del viento, dirección del viento, temperatura, humedad, radiación solar y precipitación. El DAGMA mediante el grupo de calidad del aire en el transcurso de los años ha trabajado en robustecer el sistema de calidad del aire para garantizar la continuidad en los datos, sin embargo es normal que los sistemas de monitoreo de calidad del aire presenten discontinuidad en los datos (datos faltantes o espacios en blanco) debido a dos situaciones: la primera corresponde a las anomalías que se dan en las estaciones de monitoreo, tales como: Fallas en los equipos, falta de energía eléctrica en la zona, hurto de equipos o cableado, mantenimiento o cambio de equipos, etc y la segunda causa corresponde a la inclusión o exclusión de algunos contaminantes o variables meteorológicas, según criterio de los expertos y característica de la zona a monitorear.  Para conocer más sobre la temática, se invita a la comunidad interesada a consultar los boletines de calidad del aire, los cuales se encuentran cargados en el portal del DAGMA, sección grupo de Calidad del Aire: http://www.cali.gov.co/dagma/publicaciones/sistema_de_vigilancia_de_calidad_del_aire_de_cali_svcac_pub
Producción Frutales Valle del Cauca 2016
Producción de Frutas en el Departamento, Aguacate, Banano, Bananito, Borojó, Cítricos, Curuba, Chontaduro, Coco, Granadilla, Guanabana, Guayaba, Lulo, Mango, Maracuyá, Melón A, Melón B, Mora, Papaya, Piña, Pitaya, Tomate Arbol, descrita en toneladas
Environmental Nuisance Docket 5-21-2019
Environmental Nuisance Docket from City Council Public Hearing held on 5-21-2019
2016 Census - Population by School Residency (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
2010 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
2010 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
FY14 Payments Data
This dataset shows all payments made by state agencies in Fiscal Year 2014 which were $25,000 or more. All parties receiving funds are shown: private businesses, local governments, non-profit organizations, and individuals.
Motor Vehicle Injuries to Pedestrian
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Vital Signs: Home Prices – by zip code
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Home Prices (EC7)  FULL MEASURE NAME Home Prices  LAST UPDATED August 2019  DESCRIPTION Home prices refer to the cost of purchasing one’s own house or condominium. While a significant share of residents may choose to rent, home prices represent a primary driver of housing affordability in a given region, county or city.	  DATA SOURCE Zillow Median Sale Price (1997-2018) http://www.zillow.com/research/data/  Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Price Index All Urban Consumers Data Table (1997-2018; specific to each metro area) http://data.bls.gov   CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Median housing price estimates for the region, counties, cities, and zip code come from analysis of individual home sales by Zillow. The median sale price is the price separating the higher half of the sales from the lower half. In other words, 50 percent of home sales are below or above the median value. Zillow defines all homes as single-family residential, condominium, and co-operative homes with a county record. Single-family residences are detached, which means the home is an individual structure with its own lot. Condominiums are units that you own in a multi-unit complex, such as an apartment building. Co-operative homes are slightly different from condominiums where the homeowners own shares in the corporation that owns the building, not the actual units themselves.   For metropolitan area comparison values, the Bay Area metro area’s median home sale price is the population-weighted average of the nine counties’ median home prices. Home sales prices are not reliably available for Houston, because Texas is a non-disclosure state. For more information on non-disclosure states, see: http://www.zillow.com/blog/chronicles-of-data-collection-ii-non-disclosure-states-3783/  Inflation-adjusted data are presented to illustrate how home prices have grown relative to overall price increases; that said, the use of the Consumer Price Index does create some challenges given the fact that housing represents a major chunk of consumer goods bundle used to calculate CPI. This reflects a methodological tradeoff between precision and accuracy and is a common concern when working with any commodity that is a major component of CPI itself.
Libraries - 2017 Computer Sessions by Location
The Chicago Public Library offers one-hour computer sessions and 15-minute computer sessions. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence Branch closed due to a fire on 10/30/15. Sulzer Regional Library was closed for three weeks in October/November 2016 for major facility repairs. Woodson Regional Library has been closed for major construction since November 2016, and is expected to reopen in late 2017. The Thomas Hughes Children's Library Closed in November 2016 for renovations and is expected to reopen in June 2017.
Consolidado de Personas Fallecidas en Accidentes de Transito  en el Departamento del valle del cauca  año 2019
este conjunto de datos contiene la información Consolidada de Personas Fallecidas en Accidentes de Transito  en el Departamento del valle del cauca  año 2019
PRIMERA CAUSA DE MORBILIDAD DE CONSULTA EXTERNA-FEBRERO 2020
PRIMERA CAUSA DE MORBILIDAD DE CONSULTA EXTERNA-FEBRERO 2020
Carbon Dioxide Emissions In Utah By Energy Source T8.1 1980-2010
Carbon Dioxide Emissions In Utah By Energy Source T8.1 1980-2010
Responses RFx Recieved Tenders ACT March 2016 December 2016
Reponses to ACT Government Tenders received from March 2016 until December 2016 in alphabetical order per tender
Atlantic Quarterly Spring 2018  Underground economy, tobacco and ecigarette use
Data set is results of commissioned questions the Atlantic Quaterly omnibus public opinion survey conducted between April 5 to August 5, 2018.  The questions relate to public opinion and behaviour regarding “underground economy” (purchasing contraband tobacco) and tobacco and ecigarette use.  Overall results are provided for each question and results are presented by demographic markers (age, gender, geographic region, education level and household income).
Commute to Work Data by Mode of Transportation for Walk, Bike, Transit
The data in this table describes: Commute to Work Data by Mode of Transportation for Walk, Bike, Transit.  It was calculated as part of the Metropolitan Transportation Commission‘s Bay Area Transportation Survey, 2000.
Cedar River Fish Diets 20002001
InPort Dataset ID: 17857 InPort Entity ID: 36829 Counts of diet items identified in fish stomach samples using a compound microscope. Diet includes invertebrates (larvae or nymph; pupae; adult) and fish from the stream, and adjacent terrestrial invertebrates that fall into stream. Objective of collecting these data were to establish baseline data on resident fish diets before provision of fish passage at the dam in 2003. Fish passage was installed to allow Pacific salmon access to the watershed above the dam for the first time in 100 yrs.  For details on sample collection and processing see Kiffney, P. M., C. J. Volk, and J. Hall. 2002. Community and ecosystem attributes of the Cedar River and tributaries before arrival of anadromous salmonids. Technical report submitted to Seattle Public Utilities.
Population by 2010 Census Tract
Population by 2010 Census Tract with breakdown by race.
Age of Population Data
Dataset showing the number and percent of residents by age group, age and sex from the decennial census. Age is generally derived from date of birth information, and is based on the age of the person in complete years.
Capital Expenditures
The Capital Expenditures open data provides information concerning the Public Service’s delivery of approved capital projects and programs, thereby enhancing accountability to the public. Reporting on the progress of all open capital projects and programs supports the Public Service in ensuring that financial resources are being utilized in a timely manner and properly prioritized.<br><br>    Open Data records begin with January 31, 2016 reporting
CPS 2.2 Children in DFPS Conservatorship Solely to Obtain Mental Health Services FY2014-2019
If a child is suffering from a severe emotional disturbance and voluntarily relinquishing custody of the child for the sole purpose of obtaining mental health services is warranted, the Department of Family and Protective Services may be appointed managing conservator or joint managing conservator.  In this case, the parent will voluntarily relinquish custody of the child to the state.  This provision was added to the Texas Family Code in Fiscal Year 2014.
2010 Census - Owner Occupied Households
Owner occupied data for tracts in Hamilton County. Data from 2010 Census.
Beneficiarios Programa Familias En Accion Sector Salud
Contiene los beneficiarios del Programa Familias en Acción de 0 a 7 años en el área de salud.
Spring Weight Restrictions - Non-Exempt Roads
This dataset provides the spatial locations of provincial roads that are not exempt from Spring Weight Restrictions as they are imposed. For the exempt roads please check https://data.novascotia.ca/Roads-Driving-and-Transport/Spring-Weight-Restrictions-Exempt-Roads/qusm-8w98
Census 2006 -  Education
Attendance and highest level of education organized by neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city.
Telemedicine - RANDS during COVID-19
The Research and Development Survey (RANDS) is a platform designed for conducting survey question evaluation and statistical research. RANDS is an ongoing series of surveys from probability-sampled commercial survey panels used for methodological research at the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS). RANDS estimates were generated using an experimental approach that differs from the survey design approaches generally used by NCHS, including possible biases from different response patterns and increased variability from lower sample sizes. Use of the RANDS platform allowed NCHS to produce more timely data than would have been possible using our traditional data collection methods. RANDS is not designed to replace NCHS’ higher quality, core data collections. Below we provide experimental estimates of telemedicine access and use for two rounds of RANDS during COVID-19. Data collection for the first round occurred between June 9, 2020 and July 6, 2020 and data collection for the second round occurred between August 3, 2020 and August 20, 2020. Information needed to interpret these estimates can be found in the Technical Notes.  NCHS included questions about whether providers offered telemedicine (including video and telephone appointments)—both during and before the pandemic—and about the use of telemedicine during the pandemic. As a result of the coronavirus pandemic, many local and state governments discouraged people from leaving their homes for nonessential reasons. Although health care is considered an essential activity, telemedicine offers an opportunity for care without the potential or perceived risks of leaving the home. The National Health Interview Survey (NHIS), conducted by NCHS, added telemedicine questions to its sample adult questionnaire in July 2020. Currently RANDS is the only NCHS source for statistics related to telemedicine availability and use.  The experimental estimates on this page are derived from RANDS and show the percentage of U.S. adults who have a usual place of care and a provider that offered telemedicine in the past two months, who used telemedicine in the past two months, or who have a usual place of care and a provider that offered telemedicine prior to the coronavirus pandemic.  Technical Notes: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/covid19/rands/telemedicine.htm#limitations
Waterbody Classifications
This data set provides the water quality classifications of New York State's lakes, rivers, streams and ponds, collectively referred to as waterbodies. All water bodies in the state are provided a water quality classification based on existing, or expected best usage, of each waterbody or waterbody segment. Under New York State's Environmental Conservation Law (ECL), Title 5 of Article 15, certain waters of the state are protected on the basis of their classification. Streams and small waterbodies located in the course of a stream that are designated as C (T) or higher (i.e., C (TS), B, or A) are collectively referred to as "protected streams."
Contratos de Evaluación Técnica de Hidrocarburos - Costa Afuera
​​La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades.
Asocomunales del Departamento del Atlántico
Listado de las Acciones Comunales correspondiente a los municipios del Departamento del Atlántico
Property Valuation and Assessment Data Tax Classes 1,2,3,4
Real Estate Assessment Property data. Data represent NYC properties assessments for purpose to calculate Property Tax, Grant eligible properties Exemptions and/or Abatements. Data collected and entered into the system by various City employee, like Property Assessors, Property Exemption specialists, ACRIS reporting, Department of Building reporting, etc..
Oil and Gas Summary Production Data: 1967-1999
This dataset contains production information from oil and gas wells in New York State from 1967 to 1999. Each record represents a sum by operator for each county, town, field, and formation grouping.
Prescription Monitoring Program (PMP) Public Use Data
Washington’s PMP was created (RCW 70.225 (2007)) to improve patient care and to stop prescription drug misuse by collecting dispensing records for Schedule II, III, IV and V drugs, and by making the information available to medical providers and pharmacists as a patient care tool. Program rules, WAC 246-470, took effect August 27, 2011. The program started data collection from all dispensers October 7, 2011.  Data available here are de-identified, and exclude patient, prescriber, and dispenser related information.  Prescriptions excluded from PMP include those dispensed outside of WA State, those prescribed for less than or equal to 24 hours, those administered or given to a patient in the hospital, and those dispensed from a Department of Corrections pharmacy (unless an offender is released with a prescription), an Opioid Treatment Program, and some federally operated pharmacies (Indian Health Services and Veterans Affairs report voluntarily).   Further information on collection and management of PMP data at DOH can be found at www.doh.wa.gov/pmp/data.
Citywide Tax Revenue by Report Month
NOTE: Effective March 1, 2019, the Mesa tax rate increased from 1.75% to 2.0%.   This dataset contains sales tax revenue for taxpayers within the City of Mesa by reporting month. Reporting month refers to the time period when the consumer activity took place and is a representation of economic activity in the city. For example, a sale registered in the month of March, appears in the reporting month March, regardless of when the payment was actually received/posted by the City. Revenues by reporting month change as audits, collections and other taxpayer payments/refunds are processed or other corrections to previous periods are received. These updates to revenues are reported to the month for which the taxable activity occurred. For these reasons, generally speaking, reporting month revenues become a more accurate reflection of consumer activity over time. For sales tax revenues reflecting posting month (accounting period when the tax revenues were posted), see "Citywide Tax Revenue by Post Month" at https://data.mesaaz.gov/Financials/Citywide-Tax-Revenue-by-Post-Month/e9zg-r4w9. Sales tax revenue includes Transaction Privilege Tax (TPT) and Transient Lodging Tax (TLT). Effective January 2017, the Arizona Department of Revenue administers sales and use tax collection for all state, county and municipal taxing jurisdictions. Visit https://www.mesaaz.gov/business/tax-audit for more information about sales tax in the City of Mesa.
Council on Open Data: Meeting Content September 2018
Council on Open Data Meeting documents including meeting agenda, sign-in sheet, presentation, and minutes.
Ocean Juvenile Salmon Stomach Contents
InPort Dataset ID: 18499 InPort Entity ID: 35564 Stomach Contents of Juvenile Salmon Collected in Ocean Salmon Surveys.
City Of Somerville Weekly Payroll Gross Wages Over 50K_2016
Under Massachusetts G. L. c. 66, § 10(d), an employee’s name and place of employment may be exempt from public records disclosure if the employee or a family member was a victim of an adjudicated crime or is a victim of domestic violence, including but not limited to sexual assault or rape, or provide family planning services or provide training in family planning services, or have a court order protecting you from having your name disclosed in such a manner
ACTQP HTS - Vehicle Occupancy Rate Categorised by Stop Purpose
This data set provides the occupancy of all vehicles sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey. The data is categorised based on the cause of the vehicle stop.  A trip is defined as the travel between two main activities, where a stop may constitute a change in transport mode. As an example: driving from home to a park and ride facility, then catching a bus to an interchange, then walking to a shop to purchase an item and finally walking to work is comprised of 4 ‘stops’ and two ‘trips’.  Note: This data represents travel and activity on an average weekday.
Routes
One of OPT’s main functions is to plan efficient and fiscally responsible school bus routes. OPT staff use a variety of systems to generate and share bus route information with bus vendors and the public. Specific bus route paths cannot be publicly disclosed because they could reveal personally identifiable information about individual students. In this dataset, OPT has provided all the route information that does not risk disclosing personally identifiable information.   School-age service for students in grades K through 12 are contracted with bus vendors on a per route basis. OPT also manages bus service for Pre-K students who require curb-to-curb service as per a student’s Individualized Education Plan (IEP). This Pre-K bus service is contracted on a per student basis, instead of per route. As a consequence of this difference, OPT does not design bus routes for Pre-K service, so those routes are not included in this dataset.  There are a variety of different vehicles used on routes that serve students requiring curb-to-curb service because an Individualized Education Plan (IEP) indicates specific transportation needs. The standard bus is the only vehicle used for general education routes with students eligible for bus service but who do not have an IEP.  Users may occasionally see a route without a garage assignment. Because this dataset is derived from a snapshot of a transactional system, there may be routes that are in the process of being assigned to a garage. In those cases, the garage information will appear as NULL until the assignment is complete.
Total Number of High School Seniors in Missouri
This dataset shows the number of seniors by school year and school.
DWP - Percentage Of Water Purchased From MWD  Each Fiscal Year
Los Angeles gets its water from several sources, including local water supplies, recycled water and the Owens Valley. When those sources do not provide enough to meet demand, the DWP must purchase water on the open market from the Metropolitan Water District. Water from the MWD costs more than the other sources, so keeping purchases from MWD low is important to ensuring stable and affordable rates for DWP customers.
Key Performance Indicators and Performance Measures 2015-2018
Listing of all corporate business plan and department business plan key performance indicators and performance measures. To view business plans in their entirety, please visit www.strathcona.ca/businessplan.
Property Tax Data FY 2017
The City Property Tax Data from Oregon Department of Revenue for FY2017
2015 State Employee Pay
Pay Information for calendar year 2015 for the employees of the State of Missouri by their Agency of employment, Position Title or Employee name.
Top 50 Pages By Pageviews on Austintexas.gov  -
This data, exported from Google Analytics displays the most popular 50 pages on Austintexas.gov based on the following:   Pageviews: The total number of times the page was viewed. Repeated views of a single page are counted.  Unique Pageviews: The number of visits during which the specified page was viewed at least once. A unique pageview is counted for each page URL + page Title combination.  Average Time on Page: The average amount of time users spent viewing a specified page or screen, or set of pages or screens.  Entrances: The number of times visitors entered your site through a specified page or set of pages.  Bounce Rate: The percentage of single-page visits (i.e. visits in which the person left your site from the entrance page without interacting with the page).  Percent Exit: (number of exits) / (number of pageviews) for the page or set of pages. It indicates how often users exit from that page or set of pages when they view the page(s). This demonstrates the top 50 pages for a three-month period.
Proyecto de vivienda municipal
Información Básica sobre proyectos de vivienda ejecutados en el municipio de la salina.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in Washington DC, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of November 2018.</p>
Salaries: ESD: Multnomah: FY 2013
Summary of salaries for Multnomah ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
PERS Rates 2015-2019
PERS Rates for 2015-2019 including pooled and independent rates for cities and counties.
Council on Open Data: Meeting Content June 2017
Council on Open Data Meeting documents including meeting agenda, sign-in sheet, presentation, and minutes.
Voter Registration Count By Precinct And District Data
This dataset shows voter registration totals by precinct, ward and district in Ramsey County.
UCundinamarca - Registro de Activos de Información - Sistemas y Tecnología
Contiene Registro de Activos de Información de la Universidad de Cundinamarca del proceso de Sistemas y Tecnología.
Election Judge Ages 2018 Data
This dataset shows the ages of election judges that worked during 2018.
Energy Usage 2010
Displays several units of energy consumption for households, businesses, and industries in the City of Chicago during 2010. Electric  The data was aggregated from ComEd and Peoples Natural Gas by Accenture. Electrical and gas usage data comprises 88 percent of Chicago's buildings in 2010. The electricity data comprises 68 percent of overall electrical usage in the city while gas data comprises 81 percent of all gas consumption in Chicago for 2010.    Census blocks with less than 4 accounts is displayed at the Community Area without further geographic identifiers. This dataset also contains selected variables describing selected characteristics of the Census block population, physical housing, and occupancy.
Fire Rescue Information: First Unit On-Scene and First Full Alarm
Total Response Time is measured from when dispatch receives the call until the first pumper arrives on scene.  Fire Rescue's goal is for Total Response Time to be under 7 minutes, 90% of the time. Total Response Time is comprised of Communication Time, Turnout Time and Travel Time.     Fire Full First Alarm measures from the time the first unit left station until 16 firefighters are on scene. Fire Rescue's target is to deploy a complement of 16 firefighters on scene 8 minutes or less, 90% of the time.      *The Fire Rescue Master Plan was approved in July 2012, which included a change in first full response from 14 firefighter's on scene to 16 firefighter's on scene.   The data from July 2012 has been updated to reflect this change in methodology.
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
CONTRATACION 2016 SAN ROQUE ANTIOQUIA
PROCESOS DE CONTRATACION
Atención al Ciudadano y Gestión Documental - Gestión de Correspondencia externa recibida en la Gobernación de Bolivar.
En este conjunto de datos, podrá visualizar la gestión realizada a la correspondencia externa que ingresó a la Gobernación de Bolívar. Vigencia 2018, 2019.
Total Reported Diseases Utah 1950-1959
This report provides information on the number of reported cases of reportable communicable diseases by year for various ten-year periods.
Building Codes Interpretations
Interpretations remain valid for subsequent editions of the code provided that the interpreted text has not changed in the subsequent code. Interpretations remain valid unless revised or revoked.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Race and Ethnicity
Veterans by largest Race and Ethnicity categories, by Health and Human Services Service Area.  This indicator provides the provides the percentage of civilian veterans by race/ethnicity group.  Veterans are persons 18 years and over who ever served on active duty. A civilian veteran refers to persons 18 years or older who served on active duty in any military branch or served in the National Guard or military reserves (only those ever called or ordered to active duty were classified as veterans). It does not include persons currently in active duty.  Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
Fauna silvestre
Estado del conocimiento de la fauna silvestre registrada en los diferentes estudios en la jurisdicción de CORANTIOQUIA, información cuya última actualización se realizó en el año 2016
Queens Community Board District Managers and Chairs
List of all community board appointees, leadership, and employees.
Prestadores de Servicios de Salud Capacidad Instalada
Información de capacidad instalada de Prestadores de servicios de salud
Public Emissions Testing Facilities Salt Lake County
This data set includes public testing facilities for emissions in Salt Lake County.
Cost Utilization And Quality Data Medicare Counties In Utah 2012
This data set contains the Geographic Variation Public Use File from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  this data file contains demographic, spending, utilization and quality indicators for all counties in Utah for 2012.
IFC  Statement Of Cumulative Gross Commitments
Commitments are composed of funds to be provided by IFC for its own account and funds to be provided by participants through the purchase of an interest in IFC’s investment. Note:  Dollars in millions, for the year ended June 30. Short-term finance investments are included in figures prior to 2015.
State Rebates for Alternative Fuel Vehicles
A listing of rebates paid to persons and companies for purchase or lease of alternative fuel vehicles.
Food Stamps/SNAP/CalFresh Receipt and Income Eligibility by City, 2016
Percent of Households receiving food stamps/ SNAP/ CalFresh.  Percent of households of families with children under age 18 receiving food stamps/ SNAP/ CalFresh. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B22002, B22007, B17024.
BRFSS Prevalence and Trends Data: Tobacco Use - Four Level Smoking Data for 1995-2010
Percentages are weighted to population characteristics. Data are not available if it did not meet BRFSS stability requirements.For more information on these requirements, as well as risk factors and calculated variables, see the Technical Documents and Survey Data for a specific year - http://www.cdc.gov/brfss/annual_data/annual_data.htm.Recommended citation: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System. Atlanta, Georgia: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, [appropriate year].
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS071
Driver Feedback Sign DFS071  Latitude: 53.52314 Longitude:-113.59239  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Department of Labor, Office of Research (Current Employment Statistics NSA 1990 - Current)
Historical Employment Statistics 1990 - current.  The Current Employment Statistics (CES) more information program provides the most current estimates of nonfarm employment, hours, and earnings data by industry (place of work) for the nation as a whole, all states, and most major metropolitan areas. The CES survey is a federal-state cooperative endeavor in which states develop state and sub-state data using concepts, definitions, and technical procedures prescribed by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). Estimates produced by the CES program include both full- and part-time jobs. Excluded are self-employment, as well as agricultural and domestic positions. In Connecticut, more than 4,000 employers are surveyed each month to determine the number of the jobs in the State. For more information please visit us at http://www1.ctdol.state.ct.us/lmi/ces/default.asp.
Instituciones Educativas - Municipio De Galapa
Este Conjunto de Datos contiene toda la información concerniente a las Instituciones Educativas Públicas y Privadas del Municipio de Galapa - Departamento del Atlántico
CDC STATE System E-Cigarette Legislation - Youth Access
1995-2020. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). State Tobacco Activities Tracking and Evaluation (STATE) System. E-Cigarette Legislation—Youth Access. The STATE System houses current and historical state-level legislative data on tobacco use prevention and control policies.  Data are reported on a quarterly basis. Data include information related to restrictions, enforcement and penalties associated with the sale of e-cigarettes to youth through retail sales and vending machines.
Matriculados totales Programa por Metodología 2018-1
Estadisticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
Zonas WI Fi Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca 2018
Zonas WI Fi Departamento Del Valle Del Cauca 2018
Water Usage
Billing and usage records for Santa Monica water customers.
Police Mental Health Follow Up Care Prevailing Metric
Crisis Intervention Team (CIT) follow up
Programa de salud Publica mayo 2019 del Municipio de los Patios.
Programa de Salud Publica Gestión y Fortalecimiento de autoridad Sanitaria mayo 2019 del Municipio de los Patios.
Iowa Households with Adults 65 Years and Over by Household Type (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains Iowa households with and without adults 65 years and over by household type for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B11007.  Household type includes All Households Types, 1 Person Household, 2 or More Person Households, 2 or More Person Family Households, and 2 or More Person Nonfamily Households.  A family household is a household maintained by a householder who is in a family.  A family group is defined as any two or more people residing together, and related by birth, marriage, or adoption.
166- FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 2.1
Department of Public Works and Transportation Performance Metrics Objective 2.1- Number of litter complaints, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
DSNY Litter Basket Inventory
Locations and types of refuse litter baskets tracked by DSNY  Data is collected by DSNY in order to track basket locations. Data is collected through periodic surveys by field personnel. DSNY digitizes the locations of litter baskets using GIS software. Each record represents the approximate location, ownership, and physical type of a single refuse litter basket. The data can be used as an approximate assessment of the locations of litter baskets tracked by the Department of Sanitation in NYC. "Litter basket locations are subject to frequent change, for reasons that include but are not limited to: litter basket damage, nearby construction, graffiti, or regular illegal use of basket for household or commercial waste. There is often a lag time between a change in basket type or location and the reflection of that change in this dataset.  This dataset includes information of BID-owned and Privately-owned litter baskets.  Non-profit and private entities wishing to place a litter basket on a public street must receive permission from the Department of Sanitation. Location data for these baskets may be less accurate than for baskets that are owned by DSNY.  This dataset does not track public litter baskets placed by other City, State, or Federal agencies, notably including the NYC Department of Parks. Recycling baskets are also not tracked in this dataset."
Asian/Pacific Islander (API) Population: Number, 2016
Asian/Pacific Islander (API) Population: Number, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B02015, B02016.
Strategic Measure_Access to Parks
This indicator measures the percent of citizens living within one-quarter mile walking distance of a park or accessible open space if inside the urban core or half-mile walking distance of a park or accessible opens space if outside the urban core.  This data set supports HE.C.1. of SD23.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/etbz-5muf
Salud - Porcentaje De Transmisión Materno-infantil Del VIH En Menores De 18 Meses en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2012 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar el Porcentaje de transmisión materno-infantil del VIH en menores de 18 meses en el Departamento de Bolívar, a partir del año 2012 a 2018. Numerador: Número de niños y niñas menores de 18 meses diagnosticados con VIH perinatal en un periodo.  Cuenta de Alto Costo (CAC) – Min Salud. Denominador: Número de niños y niñas menores de 18 meses hijos de madres con VIH/SIDA en un período. Cuenta de Alto Costo (CAC) – Min Salud. Forma de Cálculo: Numerador/Denominador*100. Nota: Solo se cuenta con datos a nivel departamental y del distrito de Cartagena en la CAC.
Tax Increment Financing (TIF) Annual Report - New Redevelopment Agreements
A list of the new redevelopment agreements executed in the Reporting Year.  For the detailed reports for each TIF district for each year, please see https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/depts/dcd/supp_info/tif-district-annual-reports-2004-present.html.
DMH Veterans Provider Enrollment
Data populates the DMH Veterans Services-Mental Health Services Map which helps to connect service members,  veteran and their families to behavioral health services. Visit http://dmh.mo.gov/veterans/
NYC Business Solutions for NYCHA Residents by City Council District - Local Law 163
This dataset contains information about NYC <a href="https://maps.nyc.gov/sbs/">Business Solutions</a> service, a service offered by the Department of Small Business Services (SBS) aimed at giving New Yorkers free services to start, operate and grow their businesses. Each row in the dataset represents the number of public housing residents on a City Council District-level who receive or utilize this service. For datasets related to other services provided to NYCHA residents, view the data collection “Services available to NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163”.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of February 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of February 2019.</p>
Average Coal Quality At Utah Mines T2.24 2011
Average Coal Quality At Utah Mines T2.24 2011
Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts FY2018 (Physical Address)
An agency-verified dataset of City-funded contracted social service provision locations.  This is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Verified+Locations+for+NYC+City-Funded+Social+Service+Contracts'>Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts collection</a>.
Animal Shelter Intake and Outcome
Our community cares a great deal about animals, and many people are interested in better understanding the more than 4,000 animals who come through the doors of Sonoma County Animal Services each year.
Usuarios EPS Teorama
Mediante la publicación de la informacion, se facilita a los usuarios identificar el total de población beneficiaria de las EPS del Municipio, teniendo en cuenta el grupo poblacional al cual pertenece.
Community Indicators 2020
Indicators are selected to set the long-term direction for the county’s strategic planning and budget. Measures are chosen based on the quality of the data source, the measure’s comparability with the seven-county metro region and the availability of trend data. No single indicator can capture all progress toward a goal, but together these measures provide metrics on the overall health of our community in the areas of well-being, prosperity, opportunity and accountability.  The indicators selected are organized by their relevance to Ramsey County's goals to further operationalize these commitments.
Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility Resource Utilization Group For Utah CY 2013
This data set contains the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), and submitted charges organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service.  This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2013 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Low Birth Weight By Counties In Utah 2010-2016
This data set contains the annual Low Birth Weight births by counties for Utah.  County rankings measure vital health factors, including high school graduation rates, obesity, smoking, unemployment, access to healthy foods, the quality of air and water, income, and teen births in nearly every county in Utah. The annual Rankings provide a revealing snapshot of how health is influenced by where we live, learn, work and play.
CPS 2.3 Children In DFPS Legal Responsibility by County FY2010-2019
Children in DFPS custody are those for whom a court has appointed DFPS legal responsibility through temporary or permanent managing conservatorship or other court ordered legal basis. This chart includes any child in DFPS custody at some point during the year. Children may be duplicated in the count, if they were in and out of DFPS custody more than once during the fiscal year.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on Children in DFPS Legal Responsibility and all DFPS programs.
Directorio Casas de Lectura y Bibliotecas
Directorio Casas de Lectura y Bibliotecas
FOGAFÍN ENTIDADES INSCRITAS
Entidades Financieras de orden nacional inscritas en el fondo de garantías de instituciones financieras
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2005 Q3
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2005 Q3
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-El Salvador, 2012 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in El Salvador as part of its 2012 round of surveys.   The 2012 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and FUNDAUNGO.
Escuelas de formación deportiva de Monterrey - Casanare
Listado de escuelas de formación deportiva del Municipio Monterrey - Casanare.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of November 2017.</p>
CAPT School Performance: 2010-2012
This dataset contains the school performance indices (SPIs) for 2009-10 (2010), 2010-11 (2011), and 2011-12 (2012) for all schools that administered the Connecticut Academic Performance Test (CAPT). These data were published in the School Performance Reports released by the CT State Department of Education (CSDE) in December 2013 (see http://www.csde.state.ct.us/public/performancereports/20122013reports.asp)    Note: Cells are left blank if there is no SPI, which happens when there are small N sizes for a particular subgroup or subject.
Canberra Metro Light Rail Transit Feed - Vehicle Updates (Historical Archive)
This dataset is a historical archive of information which is contained within Trip Update section of the Google Transit Feed Service - Realtime (GTFSR) of the ACT Capital Metro light rail service.   Further information on the technical details of the metadata for this dataset can be found in the linked data dictionary.
Eco Station Webpages - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the September 2015 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=526&as=7YW63mx6N7&t=1. Open from September 08 - 16, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 3516 Insight Community Members. 1477 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 42%. A total of 1637 respondents completed the survey: 1477 Insight Community Members and 160 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Complementaria- Alcald A Municipio De Vista Hermosa- Meta
Procesos de compra pública registrados en la plataforma SECOP I
CONTRATACIÓN,MODALIDAD SUBASTA MUNICIPIO DE CHIA VIGENCIA 2019
Contratación Vigencia 2019 Municipio de Chía Modalidad Subasta
Kauai TEFAP Agencies
Organizations participating in the USDA Emergency Food Program on Kauai
Producción en Toneladas de Cultivos Permanentes en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del año 2000 al 2018
este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre la Producción en Toneladas de Cultivos Permanentes en el Departamento del Valle del Cauca del año 2000 al 2018
Soils Testing Process
All properties are either served by public sewer or a private septic system as its means of wastewater disposal. Properties that are ineligible for public sewer service must complete satisfactory water table tests and percolation or sand mound testing to establish a sewage disposal area on the property before it can be considered 'buildable'. Update Frequency : Daily
Parks Studies Number of persons visiting Parks annually
PRKCS Measure K Performance
Average Age Of Death In San Mateo County 2001-2006
This data shows the average actual numbers of deaths that occur in San Mateo County for a given year. The average age of death statistic is used to calculate the related measure: Life Expectancy.
Alameda County Medi-Cal Beneficiaries April 2013
Current Medi-Cal Beneficiaries (of all types) assigned to Alameda County with Client Demographic and Aid Code Information
Registro de Activos de Información de Gobernación de Cundinamarca
Registro de Activos de Información, Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada y esquema de publicación
ASISTENCIA HONORABLES REPRESENTANTES SESIONES DE COMISIONES
Contiene la asistencia mensual a Sesiones de Comisión, de los Honorables Representantes a la Cámara..
Indice Informacion Clasificada Y Reservada Cgdsai
Información Clasificada Y Reservada de la Contraloria General del Departamento Archipiélago de San Andrés, Providencia y Santa Catalina
Employee Overtime and Supplemental Earnings 2012
Employee overtime and supplemental earnings by month and year-to-date. Data Owner: Budget & Management. Time Period: January 2012 to December 2012. Frequency: Data is updated monthly
Credit Access Businesses
The data set may include active and inactive credit access businesses.
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Private Sector Survey 2019 - Module D Buyer Purchases
This data asset contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2019 annual results survey of private sector firms assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using one level of stratification, firm type. Firms were selected from five different categories: Processor, Buyer, Local input supplier, Regional input supplier, Finance provider, and Other service provider. In total, 321 firms were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic identifying data on the firm. Module B captures information on the proprietors. Modules C, D, E, F, G and H capture data on sales of products and services. Module I captures information on business practices. Module J captures information on production costs. Module K captures information on access to finance.
IMDERA - Programas
Instituto Municipal del Deporte y la Recreación de Armenia
Sampled Fish
InPort Dataset ID: 18609 InPort Entity ID: 37567 This table describes data associated with each English sole collected in Puget Sound in 2010 and 2011.
Colorado's Named Peaks greater than 14,000 feet above sea level.
Colorado has 58 Named Peaks greater than 14,000 feet above sea level.
Community Characterization Area Contact
Contact information for the Community Resource Coordinator (CRC) of each community characterization area.
Exhibition Lands - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many, from the January 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5tBVVaDNRuo6Uu7bW5dbDL?t=1    Open from January 9 - 16, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,122 Insight Community Members. 2,187 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 31%. A total of 2,297 respondents completed the survey: 2,187 Insight Community Members and 110 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Fiscal Year 2018 Preliminary Budget - Fiscal Year 2018 Projected Expenses
Projected expenses for Fiscal Year 2018. This data was released as part of the Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Preliminary Forecast. For more information see https://www.cookcountyil.gov/Budget
NIBRS - Annual Data for Open Performance
This data set contains manual roll-ups for the data contained here: https://data.kcmo.org/dataset/Kansas-City-Crime-NIBRS-Summary/6wc4-sd7p. This data set only exist due to technical limitations within the Socrata platform. You can view automatic roll-ups of the data by viewing this data set: https://data.kcmo.org/dataset/Kansas-City-Crime-NIBRS-Summary-Fiscal-Year-Totals/g5bh-874g
Database of Political Institutions 2017
The Database of Political Institutions presents institutional and electoral results data such as measures of checks and balances, tenure and stability of the government, identification of party affiliation and ideology, and fragmentation of opposition and government parties in the legislature, among others. The current version of the database, which is now hosted at the IDB, expands its coverage to about 180 countries for 40 years, 1975–2017. Researchers at the World Bank Development Research Group first compiled the database in 2000 (see citation information below). It has become one of the most cited databases in comparative political economy and comparative political institutions. Almost 3000 studies have used this database so far as a source of institutional and political data in their empirical analysis.
Student Enrollment 2010-11 School Year
This file includes enrollment data from 2010-11 school year. Data are disaggregated by school, district, and state levels and include counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs, and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information.
Local Law 44 - Rent Affordability
The Rent Affordability data table includes units disaggregated by rent affordability for each building in a Local Law 44 Housing Development Project. This information is reported pursuant to Local Law 44 of 2012, and is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=HPD+Local+Law+44'>Housing Projects Receiving City Financial Assistance (Local Law 44) collection of data tables</a>.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a JULIO de 2012
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Julio de 2012 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
SECRETARIA DE EDUCACION QUINDIO
Establecimientos  educativos adscritos a las secretaria de educación departamental
Mahuta Market Grain Prices
Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics in Abuja, Nigeria on monthly prices for select markets in Kebbi State, Nigeria for January 2000 to December 2016.
NNDSS - Table II. Lyme disease to Meningococcal
NNDSS - Table II. Lyme disease to Meningococcal - 2016. In this Table, provisional* cases of selected† notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.    Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:  C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.  NP:  Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum.    * Case counts for reporting year 2016 are provisional and subject to change.   For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.   † Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.  § Data for meningococcal disease, invasive caused by serogroups ACWY; serogroup B; other serogroup; and unknown serogroup are available in Table I.
Washington School Improvement Framework (WSIF) 2017 Run
2017 Run of the Washington School Improvement Framework for Federal School Accountability under the Every Student Succeeds Act
Información Clasificada y Reservada Municipio de Carolina del Príncipe - Antioquia
Listado de Información Clasificada y Reservada del Municipio de Carolina del Príncipe
Superservicios-Información de Intercambios
Información de Intercambios
Nacimientos por Mes, Sexo, y Tipo de parto Año 2018 De la ESE Hospital Departamental San Antonio de Pitalito
Datos de Nacimientos clasificados por Mes, Sexo del recién nacido y  tipo de parto que dio origen al nacimiento durante la vigencia 2018.
institución educativa del municipio de Chitaraque
Información general de la institución educativa Técnica Educativa “San Pedro Clavelt" del municipio de Chitaraque (Boyacá)
Security Guard Schools Approved by the Division of Criminal Justice Services
This is a current list of approved security guard schools.  The Security Guard Act of 1992 requires registration and training of security guards in New York State. The Division of Criminal Justice Services (DCJS) approves the private security training schools and provides administrative oversight for mandated security training.
Powder Mountain Hydrology Database
UGS Data Release 012715
EDA - Private investment leveraged - 9 year totals (in millions)
The formula-driven calculation projects investment data at 3, 6, and 9 year intervals from the investment award. The formula is based on a study done by Rutgers University, which compiled and analyzed the performance of EDA construction investments after 9 years. This approach was reviewed and validated by third-party analysis conducted by Grant Thornton in 2008. Based on this formula and a review of EDA's historical results, EDA estimates that 40% of the 9-year projection would be realized after 3 years, 75% after 6 years, and 100% after 9 years.
Liquor Store Separation Distances - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among a couple from the July 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5we6xa1Kccv4SnLC0t1W0O?t=1  Open from July 10 - 17, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 8,553 Insight Community Members. 2,355 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 2,371 respondents completed the survey: 2,355 Insight Community Members and 7 from the call to action button on our webpage and 9 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Summer Meal Programs – Seamless Summer Option (SSO) – Contacts and Program Participation – Program Period 2018
<b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Dataset</b><br> This dataset contains <b>contact and program participation information for each site participating in the Seamless Summer Option (SSO) for summer 2018 (SNP program year 2017-2018).</b> Summer meals programs operate mid-May through the end of August. <p>  For data on sites participating in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP), please refer to the Summer Feeding Programs – Summer Feeding Program (SFSP) – Contact and Program Participation datasets available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal. <p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by July 15 of the active program period. Due to the short duration of the summer feeding programs, dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program period. After 90 days from the close of the program period, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program period before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.
Fleet Equipment Inventory
This dataset contains a list of Montgomery County Fleet equipment (vehicle) inventory and status (readiness).  Update Frequency : Quarterly
Delaware Hunting Licenses and Waterfowl Stamps
Total numbers of hunting licenses and waterfowl stamps issued, by year and by residence status.
Physician Compare 2017 Individual EC Public Reporting - Measures
This file contains performance information for Merit-Based Incentive Payment System (MIPS) and Qualified Clinical Data Registry (QCDR) quality measures and advancing care information attestations and measures reported by clinicians. This dataset was updated on August 1, 2019.
Docentes catedráticos por Genero 2019-1
Genero de los docentes catedráticos para el periodo 2019-1
Cupos 1 semestre 2015 - UPTC
Total de cupos para el primer semestre del año 2015
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of January 2018</p>
Exámenes de Laboratorio
Exámenes de laboratorio realizados a usuarios de La Empresa Social del Estado Pasto Salud ESE.
PRESIDENTES JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE CUCUTA
LISTADO DE LOS PRESIDENTES DE LAS JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL DEL MUNICIPIO DE CUCUTA, IDENTIFICADO POR COMUNAS, BARRIOS, VEREDAS Y CORREGIMIENTOS ACTUALIZADO AL 17 DE AGOSTO DEL 2017
Admitidos
Admitidos pertenecientes a la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor de Antioquia.
2020 State Employee Pay as of COB July 31, 2020
Pay Information for calendar year 2020 as of July 31, 2020 for the employees of the State of Missouri by their Agency of employment, Position Title or Employee name.
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a ENERO de 2015
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Enero de 2015 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Orem City Police Dept Crime Data
This data set contains Orem City Police Crime_Incident Data.
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales for Queens for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes - 2009
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of neighborhood sales for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes in Queens in 2009.  Update Schedule: Annually
Air Quality Monitoring Data
Ambient air quality monitoring is undertaken in the ACT to both support both the National Environment Protection Measures and an Air Quality Index (AQI) to better communicate the ambient air quality to the ACT Community.    Unverified data in this dataset. The data displayed may have undergone no or only preliminary quality assurance checks. These data may require modification as a result of calibration changes, power failures, instrument failures etc.
Schools Served by Metro Arts Grantees
A compilation of schools served by Metro Arts grantees
Matriculados Primer Curso ITSA
Estudiantes matriculados en primer curso en la Institución Universitaria ITSA
FY 11 Feb Education Recipients by Training Type and VA Education Benefit Program
<p>FY 11 Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through Feb. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the Feb. FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.</p>
Commute Survey Data
Commuting mode of County of Sonoma Employees (based on Monday through Sunday).  Source: County of Sonoma Transportation Survey Results, prepared by 511 Rideshare.
Variation of Temperature in Incubation System Following Chiller Failure Trough 3 Incubators 1 and 17
InPort Dataset ID: 30878 InPort Entity ID: 37552 Trough 3, Incubators 1 and 17.
ACRIS - Property Types Codes
ACRIS State mapping for Codes in the ACRIS Real and Personal Property Legals Datasets
Commerce Dashboard Measures - Fiscal Year Part 2
Commerce Dashboard Measures - Fiscal Year Part 2
Prescription Drugs – Morphine Milligram Equivalents (MMEs)
Morphine Milligram Equivalents (MMEs) prescriptions in Marin County by Drug and by Zip Code, for historic years starting in 2015, and recent months of current year.
ARCHIVED - DCL 2.4 Permits Issued By Issuance Type and County FY08-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Vital Statistics Low Birthweight Live Births by Mother's Age and Resident County: Beginning 2008
This dataset contains the number of New York State low birth weight live births stratified by the mother’s age range and county of residence. The data presented here may not be the same as the Vital Statistics tables on the DOH public web due to data updates. For more information, check out: http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/vital_statistics/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
OCIO - Strong Authentication
Ensure only authorized privileged users have access to federal information systems following the HSPD-12 Personal Identity Verification standard
Inmate Discharges
Inmate discharges with attributes (race, gender, legal status, top charge). This data set excludes Sealed Cases. Resulting summaries may differ slightly from other published statistics.
Water Withdrawals by Facility:  Beginning 2009
Data regarding water withdrawals is collected by New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC).  The reporting requirements have expanded since collection began in 1990. Data is currently collected in accordance with the requirements of ECL 15-1501. ECL 15-1501 requires a DEC permit and annual usage reporting for all facilities using water for any purpose and having the capacity to withdraw 100,000 gallons or more per day of surface or groundwater. These facilities may or may not be permitted with other agencies that regulate water supplies in New York State.  This dataset begins with 2009 data and includes facility name, town, county and withdrawal information.
Cincinnati Building Permits Timeline
Data Description: This data set contains date stamps to track the progress of Buildings & Inspections workflow. This includes building permits (residential, commercial, non-stand, other), pre-development meetings, and zoning related approvals.  Data Creation: This data set is maintained by the Cincinnati Area Geographic Information Systems (CAGIS) and individual City departments.  Data Created By: Cincinnati Area Geographic Information Systems (CAGIS)   Refresh Frequency: Daily  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this data set.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Portafolio de mapas
Portafolio de mapas de la jurisdicción de la corporación Coralina
Ejecucion del presupuesto de ingresos de la Gobernacion de Sucre 2017
Presupuesto de ingreso ejecutado entre enero 1 de 2017 a junio 6 de 2017
LADOT Traffic Counts Summary
LADOT automated and manual traffic count summary data for intersections throughout Los Angeles. Manual counts ("MAN" under the "Type" column) are generally 6-hr counts which have been expanded  using a conversion factor.
Health_5700P_Cost per Conserved Client_APC2
Annual County Cost per Conserved Client
Datos multas a comerciantes 2015- 31 de agosto 2019
En este conjunto de datos se encuentran las multas impuestas a los comerciantes desde el 1ro de enero de 2015 a 31 de agosto 2019
Justice Center Covered Adult Care Facilities
The Justice Center for the Protection of People with Special Needs was established in 2013 by the Protection of People with Special Needs Act. The Department adopted regulations to define those adult care facilities that, based on licensed capacity coupled with self-reported quarterly census data, are subject to the conjoined jurisdiction of the New York State Department of Health and the Justice Center for the Protection of People with Special Needs (“Justice Center”). Adult care facilities that are determined to be subject to the conjoined jurisdiction of the New York State Department of Health and the Justice Center are the entities listed in this dataset. For information on how to file a complaint, please refer to the "Notes" section below. For more information about the Justice Center visit https://www.justicecenter.ny.gov/ .
Estadísticas sector agropecuario cultivos anuales y permanentes del año 2018 del Municipio de Candelaria Valle
Contiene Estadística de área, producción y rendimiento, de la parte agrícola, cultivos permanentes, piscicultura y Avicultura del Municipio, que permite evaluar el comportamiento del sector agropecuario anualmente.
MUERTES POR ACCIDENTES DE TRANSITO NEIVA
Muertes por accidentes de trnasito 2019 - 2019
USA SPENDING CH39 B100 AUTOMOBILE AND ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT ALLOWANCE JAN2019
<p>VBA PROGRAM BENEFITS for Automobiles and Adaptive Equipment for Certain Disabled Veterans and Members of the Armed Forces. Veterans with honorable service and servicepersons on duty having a service-connected disability due to loss or permanent loss of use of one or both feet, one or both hands, or a permanent impairment of vision of both eyes to a prescribed degree. For adaptive equipment only, eligibility also exists if there is service-connected ankylosis of one or both knees or one or both hips. Personnel on active duty also qualify under the same criteria as veterans. Uses &amp; Use Restrictions:  Assistance toward purchase of an automobile or other conveyance is a one-time payment only. Necessary adaptive equipment may be furnished, repaired, replaced, or reinstalled on a conveyance which may be purchased with assistance or any other conveyance subsequently or previously acquired. Adaptive equipment will be provided for no more than two conveyances during any four-year period unless one of those two vehicles becomes unavailable to the veteran.</p>
U.S. Retail Sales
U.S. retail sales percentage change from a year ago
PLN_SNT_CTGRY_LKP [impl]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_SNT_CTGRY_LKP [impl], released on 2020-10-22.
ZONAS WI-FI GRATIS PARA LA GENTE
PUNTOS WI-FI GRATIS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE SABANALARGA Y SUS CORREGIMIENTOS
State Drug Utilization Data 2014
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
Employee Engagement Survey by Employee Group
The City of Janesville's Employee Engagement Survey Results by Employee Group
DOF: Condominium Comparable Rental Income –Manhattan – FY 2008/2009
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
Plan anual de adquisiciones 2019 - Vista Hermosa Meta
El principal objetivo del Plan Anual de Adquisiciones es permitir que la entidad estatal aumente la probabilidad de lograr mejores condiciones de competencia a través de la participación de un mayor número de operadores económicos interesados en los procesos de selección que se van a adelantar durante el año fiscal, y que el Estado cuente con información suficiente para realizar compras coordinadas.
Vital Signs: Ozone Concentrations – by sensor (updated June 2017)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Ozone Concentrations (EN2)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Ozone concentrations (O3)    LAST UPDATED  June 2017    DESCRIPTION  Ozone concentrations refer to the quantity of ozone (O3) molecules in the air we breathe. In the Bay Area, ozone is measured by over a dozen monitoring stations that record hourly concentrations used to determine compliance with national standards. These hourly data are used to calculate eight-hour peak ozone levels for the fourth-worst day of the year, the most common indicator of ozone performance. This dataset includes regional and sensor-specific concentrations, as well as metropolitan area data.    DATA SOURCE  Bay Area Air Quality Management District  1970-2016  Air Quality Sensor Data  http://www.baaqmd.gov/about-air-quality/air-quality-summaries    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Data is collected at specific sensor sites operated by the Air District that capture the concentration of ozone in the air; sensor locations may change over the years and thus only minor relocations are shown as the same station in this analysis (e.g., sensor moved across the street from its prior location). Data are used to calculate the 8-hour peak concentration for ozone. The fourth-highest day of the year is identified and then reported as a three-year rolling average to minimize noise associated with any given year. These averaged are compared to the national air quality standard to determine compliance. The worst location site may shift from year to year depending on which sensor location had the highest levels of ozone over that particular time period.
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) Recipient Category of Assistance: Beginning 2002
These data are monthly listings of the number of recipients in each living arrangement classification in the Supplemental Security Income Program, by category of assistance (aged, blind or disabled).
Google Analytics for www.austintexas.gov
Google Analytics for austintexas.gov
Office of The Comptroller: Fire Department Retirement System Holdings Data
This dataset sets forth the Fire Department Retirement System holdings (both equity and fixed income) of the identified pension/retirement system as of the close of the fiscal year.
Smallmouth Bass and Chain Pickerel Tournaments 2019
A list of all smallmouth bass and chain pickerel tournaments permitted under the Competitive Fishing Policy
New York City Pension Expenses
The dataset illustrates the breakdown of total pension expenses for New York City into three categories: City Actuarial Systems, Non-City Systems and Non-Actuarial Systems. Data is reported in units of thousands. Updates are posted semi-annually, in Financial Plan Detail for January Plan and in Message of the Mayor for Executive Plan.
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Foy: The effects of ocean acidification on ovigerous Tanner crab size, calcium, and magnesium content. : Kodiak Island, Alaska.
To study the effects of ocean acidification we conducted laboratory experiments with adult ovigerous females of the economically important southern Tanner crab, Chionoecetes bairdi. Ovigerous females were reared in one of 3 treatments: control (ambient pH ~8.1), pH 7.8, and pH 7.5 for 2 years. The adult female sizes used for the experiments ranged from 87 to 112 mm among the three treatments. Throughout the experiment , pH and temperature were measured daily in each of the 3 treatments. The mean daily temperature was 5.0 C, varied seasonally from a low of ~1 C in January 2012 to a high of ~ 9C in August 2011, and did not vary between treatments. pH remained significantly different among the treatments. Brooding duration for each female was defined as beginning the day of egg extrusion in 2012 and ended when larval hatching began in 2013. Mean brood duration ranged from 340 to 366 days. Magnesium and calcium content were determined at the end of the experiment from a portion of exoskeleton. Magnesium did not differ with pH treatment but the ratio of magnesium to calcium did differ among treatments.
2014 City of Evanston Monthly Water Pumpage
Water pumpage by type for the City of Evanston in 2014.
Headcount by City Department
Budget versus actual headcount numbers by department. Excludes temporary and seasonal workers.
Procesos Judiciales - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Relación de los procesos judiciales donde interviene la Contraloría y que se encuentren activos
ANM Informes Oficina De Control Interno
Esta información es fundamental para los ciudadanos, entes de control, personas interesadas, ciudadanía en general, ya que consolida todos los informes del Ley que ha generado la Oficina de Control Interno de la Agencia Nacional de Minería. Así mismo es en cumplimiento al rol de la oficina de control interno Ley 87 de 1993, decreto 648 de 2017, Ley transparencia 1712 de 2014.  En el documento se detallan todos los informes, el período evaluado, descripción de la información, formato en que se encuentra y enlace para consultar el documento
SITIOS DE INTERÉS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE SEVILLA
Encontraras sitios de interés que puedes visitar en Sevilla
2018 -2019 Class Size Pct City MSHS
2018-19 Preliminary Class Size Report City Middle and High School Class Size Distribution Core courses identified as English, Math, Social Studies, and Science classes for grades 6-12, where available  General Education and Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) classes and course sections with more than 100 students or fewer than seven students are excluded from this report, as are self-contained courses with fewer than two students
DWP - Renewables Percentage  Annual
To reduce Los Angeles' contribution to global warming pollution and to comply with state mandates, DWP is increasing the percentage of its energy that comes from clean renewable power. State mandates require that 33% of power comes from renewables by 2020. For more information, visit www.ladwp.com/ladwp/faces/ladwp/aboutus/a-power/a-p-renewableenergy
Harmful Algal Blooms by Waterbody Summary: Beginning 2019
Listing of harmful algal bloom occurrences by waterbody.  Data from 2012-2018 available at https://data.ny.gov/Energy-Environment/Harmful-Algal-Bloom-Statewide-Occurrence-Summary-2/qtg2-hjth.
Roads
Arcs representing center of right-of-way and easements throughout Pierce County. Data is gps'd, acquired from orthophotos, or digitized using LIDAR according to "source" field. Additionally, data is acquired from other jurisdictions so currentness may vary between jurisdictions. Address ranges and full street names are included. Duplicate arcs are included on jurisdictional boundaries where they do not share the same street name.     A supplemental street name alias table is used to aid in geocoding and for routing processes.  The street name alias table can be downloaded here (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/OpenData/SupplementalData/StreetAliasTable/Street_Name_Alias_Table.zip).    Please see the Roads metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_roads.html) and Street Name Alias metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/OpenData/SupplementalData/StreetAliasTable/streetnamealias.html) for additional information.  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
CUNY Employee Headcount by Function and Employment Status: Beginning 2009
Number of employees at CUNY Institutions (System Administration and campuses) by total employees, faculty only and staff (non-faculty) only by employment status (full-time, part-time).
Hospice - Zip Data
A list of zip codes where hospice provides services.
Household Hazardous Waste Data 2013-2017
The Countywide Household Hazardous Waste Management Program was established the in 1988 by the County of Los Angeles, in partnership with the County Sanitation Districts. The Program is administered by Public Works and its objective is to keep residential household hazardous waste (HHW - e.g., paint, solvents, chemicals, etc.) from being disposed at municipal solid waste landfills. The Program provides a free and convenient means for residents to manage their HHW by conducting weekly collection events throughout the County. In late 2002, the Program was expanded to include the collection of electronic waste (E Waste - e.g., televisions, computers, cell phones, etc.). The Program serves all 88 cities and the unincorporated communities in the County. On average, 55 mobile collection events are conducted throughout the County annually, where about 8 million pounds of HHW are collected. Participation at the events has reached close to 80,000 households annually.
7/1/15 - 6/30/17  Secretary of State Financial Accounting (Final)
This report includes all Secretary of State non-payroll expenditures for the 2015-2017 budget (July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2017).
HS_Dataset_Senior Nutrition
Data related to senior nutrition services provided by ADR
LISTADO DE COOPERATIVAS LECHERAS 2017
LISTADO DE COOPERATIVAS LECHERAS 2017
Directorio Telefonicos Personal
Directorio Personal Ciac
BP Appointments - DYCD Neighborhood Advisory Board (NABS)
This dates set represents Borough President appointee DYCD (Neighborhood Advisory Board ). NABs serve Neighborhood Development Areas (NDAs), which are low-income neighborhoods designated as needing community development support. NAB members are responsible for helping to identify the needs of their local communities. DYCD takes their findings into consideration when allocating federal Community Services Block Grant (CSBG) funding.
Reinicio Obras de Infraestructura
Conjuntos de datos donde se recopila la información del reinicio de las obras de infraestructura en el territorio Nacional.
2015 Complex SSI Table for All Reportable Surgical Procedures
In 2015, Oregon hospitals reported surgical site infections for CBGB, COLO, HYST, HPRO, KPRO, and LAM procedures. This table contains only "complex" infections, defined as deep incisional/organ space infections. Superficial infections are not reported because of inconsistency in reporting.
EMS - Top Ten Dispatch Problems by Fiscal Year
This table shows the 10 most frequently recorded incident problem types as recorded by communications personnel for each fiscal year presented.
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2004
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2004
Mapa Desórdenes domésticos
Conozca la zonificación de los casos reportados por desorden doméstico del Municipio de Sabaneta.
Daily Sulfer Dioxide Emissions Utah 2010
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (sulfer dioxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Bienestar descuentos e incentivos por semestre 2019-1
Descuentos e incentivos de los estudiantes ubicados por semestre
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Section 7 Farm Technology Dataset
This dataset contains information about irrigation and tractor technology applied on the household’s farm. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
City Health - Medical Causes of Death
Breast cancer deaths: Deaths due to breast cancer in females (per 100,000 female population) Cardiovascular disease deaths: Deaths due to cardiovascular disease (per 100,000 population) Colorectal cancer deaths: Deaths due to colorectal cancer (per 100,000 population) Premature deaths (all causes): Years of potential life lost before age 75 (per 100,000 population) Opioid overdose deaths: Deaths due to opioid overdose (per 100,000 population)
Alcohol, Gaming, Fuel & Tobacco Licensing Notices
Summary of recent licensing notices issued by the Alcohol, Gaming, Fuel and Tobacco Division.
2001-2005 Archival tag depth and temperature from Pacific cod
Data from 250 recaptured (624 released) depth and temperature recording archival (data storage) tags attached to Pacific cod off Kodiak Island and in the eastern Bering Sea from 2001 to 2003, were used to describe the vertical movement patterns of Pacific cod. Three publications resulted from the research with subject matter including: 1) P. cod behavior as related to barotrauma; 2) P. cod vertical distribution as related to survey trawl catchability; 3) P. cod diel vertical migration. Please see publications for more detail.
ESRD QIP – Standardized Hospitalization Ratio – Payment Year 2020
This dataset includes facility details, performance ratio, measure score, and the state and national average measure scores for the SHR measure included in the PY 2020 ESRD QIP.
2011-2016 Proposed Capital Investment Program (CIP)
2011-1016 Proposed Capital Investment Program projected expenditures by department, project, Budget Control Level (BCL), and year.
San Mateo County Total Water Consumption In ccf
San Mateo County Total Water Consumption in ccf per fiscal year. The water measurement ccf is 100 cubic feet, or approximately 748 gallons.
Vehicle Classification Counts (2014-2019)
Vehicle classification counts collected by DOT for New York Metropolitan Transportation Council (NYMTC) to validate the New York Best Practice Model (NYBPM). For NYBPM screenline locations where data has been collected within the last three years are not considered for data collection for the present year. DOT collects data on at least 10% of the total NYBPM screenline locations.
National Summary of Outpatient Hospital Charge Data by APC and primary HCPCS, CY2015
CPT copyright 2014 American Medical Association. All Rights Reserved.  The Outpatient Hospital Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Outpatient Hospital PUF) presents information on comprehensive APC (C-APC) services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient Hospital PUF presents information on the number of beneficiaries, number of APC services, hospitals' average total estimated submitted charges, the average Medicare allowed charges (which includes Medicare regular provider payments and beneficiary cost-sharing payments), the average Medicare regular provider payments, the number of APC services with outlier payments, and the average Medicare outlier provider payments among those services for 25 C-APC Groups and their primary HCPCS paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for calendar year (CY) 2015. The estimated average charges and the average Medicare payments are provided at the individual hospital level. The actual charges at an individual hospital for an individual service within these APC groups may differ.
2013 Special February - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
February 2013 special election; final/official results by precinct.
DISCONTINUIDAD
Discontinuidad Diciembre 2018
Inscritos por facultad 2019-1
Estudiantes inscritos por facultad para el periodo 2019-1
Vendor Payments Calendar Year 2014
A data set of payments made to vendors in 2014.  Checkbook level data. When analyzing this data be aware that the sum amount and voucher are unique amounts, the payment amount is the total of a check. A check often includes more than one voucher. As a result of the Red Flag Commission recommendations, Ordinance 970032 was passed by the City Council Jan. 23, 1997. This ordinance requires the city to publish a report every two weeks listing all city payments.
2008 Primary Election Turnout Percentage By County
Voter turnout percentage for each county in the 2008 primary election
Sensorica conductual catedral velocidad promedio vehículos
Resultado proceso de recolección de datos de sensorica conductual llevados a cabo en la vía de acceso a la catedral de Manizales considerando la velocidad de los vehículos.
Rural Health Care Posted Services (FCC Form 461/465)
This dataset contains data allowing service providers to view service request information provided by individual Health Care Providers (HCPs) and consortia applying for funding through the Rural Health Care (RHC) Program. The data is collected from the FCC Forms 461 and 465, which includes the service request information.   All data contained within the FCC Form 461 (Request for Services Form, Health Care Connect Fund (HCF) program) and 465 (Description of Services Requested & Certification Form, Telecommunications program) is self-reported by applicants to RHC.
2010 Basic Stand Alone Home Health Agency Beneficiary PUF
The CMS 2010 BSA HHA Beneficiary PUF originates from a 5% simple random sample of beneficiaries drawn (without replacement) from the 100% Beneficiary Summary File for reference year 2010. The sample that is used for the CMS 2010 BSA HHA Beneficiary PUF is disjoint from the existing 5% CMS research sample in the sense that there is no overlap in terms of the beneficiaries in the CMS 2010 BSA HHA Beneficiary PUF and the 5% CMS research sample.
Entradas de extranjeros a Colombia
Muestra el consolidado de entradas de extranjeros a Colombia desde el 2012, discriminado por nacionalidad y género
Section H1.3 Feeding and Watering of Cows Q27
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
2015 NFIRS Cincinnati Fire Department Incident Data
Data Description: The National Fire Incident Reporting System (NFIRS) is a reporting standard that fire departments nationwide use to uniformly report on the full range of fire department activities. This dataset encompasses all fire incidents reported to NFIRS that were responded to by the Cincinnati Fire Department in the year 2015.  Data Creation: NFIRS was created in 1976 to address the United State’s fire problem and is jointly managed by the U.S Fire Administration (USFA) and the National Fire Information Council (NFIC). Over the life of the system, all 50 states, more than 40 major metropolitan areas, and more than 15,000 fire departments have participated in NFIRS. Fore more information please visit: https://www.usfa.fema.gov/data/nfirs/about/index.html  Data Created By: The source of this data is the Cincinnati Fire Department.  Refresh Frequency: This dataset is static and posted annually.  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad  Disclaimer: In compliance with privacy laws, all Public Safety datasets are anonymized and appropriately redacted prior to publication on the City of Cincinnati’s Open Data Portal. This means that for all public safety datasets: (1) the last two digits of all addresses have been replaced with “XX,” and in cases where there is a single digit street address, the entire address number is replaced with "X"; and (2) Latitude and Longitude have been randomly skewed to represent values within the same block area (but not the exact location) of the incident.
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
Basic Metadata Note: condition new in 2017. *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.  **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.  ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander. ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Three-Quarter Housing Report – Violations
In June 2015, Mayor de Blasio announced the formation of an interagency task force to review the use of three-quarter houses in New York City. Representatives from the task force began to visit and inspect these residences to identify immediate health and safety issues and to relocate residents. Local Law 13 of 2017 requires the Mayor’s Office of Operations to provide quarterly reports on the task force’s findings.
Superservicios-C8_Informacion_activos_bombas_compresores_plantas_almacenadoras_envasadoras_GLP
Información de activos de bombas o compresores de las plantas almacenadoras y envasadoras. GLP
Controles de enfermería (Atención prenatal / crecimiento y desarrollo)
Registro de usuarios que asistieron a las IPS de la E.S.E Pasto Salud para Controles de enfermería (Atención prenatal / crecimiento y desarrollo)
Opioid Prescription Rates by County Utah 2017_2013
This data set contains opioid prescription rates per 100 people in Counties in Utah for 2017-2013.  Data is from the Centers for Disease Control.
PLANTA DE PERSONAL MUNICIPIO DE ALGARROBO
RELACION DE LOS FUNCIONARIOS QUE HACEN PARTE DE LA PLANTA DE PERSONAL DE LA ADMINISTRACION MUNICIPAL DE ALGARROBO
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2020 - High Weeds
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020.
Census Planning Database - Tract - Hard to Count
The Census Planning Database is produced by the U.S. Census Bureau. It assembles a range of housing, demographic, socioeconomic, and census operational data that can be used for survey and census planning.   The Planning Database uses selected Census and selected 2012-2016 American Community Survey (ACS) estimates. In addition to variables extracted from the census and ACS databases, operational variables include the 2010 Census Mail Return Rate for each block group and tract.  This dataset is a subset of the 2018 Census Planning Database, filtered for the state of Connecticut, and including variables relating to hard to count populations. This dataset also includes two variables from the Federal Communications Commission dataset "Residential Fixed Internet Access Service Connections per 1000 Households by Census Tract." More information about the FCC data can be found here: https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/residential-fixed-internet-access-service-connections-per-1000-households-by-census-tract-dec-2016/  Other variables from the Census Planning Database relating to geography, population, households, housing units, and census operations at the tract and block level can also be found on the CT Data Portal with the tag "Census 2020."
Directores Casas de la Cultura Departamento del Quindio
Listado con los nombres y correo electrónico de los directores de las Casas de la Cultura de los Municipio del Departamento del Quindío
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-DominicanRepublic, 2010 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Dominican Republic as part of its 2010 round of surveys.  The 2010 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and the field work was carried out by Gallup Dominican Republic, S.A.
Emergency Shelter Exits to Permanent Housing
Emergency Shelter exit rates into Permanent Housing, in Marin County. Data is updated monthly, starting in July, 2019.  Data is obtained from all agencies in Marin who participate in the Homeless Management Information System (HMIS), a database mandated by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and several state funding sources.  VAWA (Violence Against Women Act)-funded Domestic Violence providers do not use HMIS.  The tabular data has a data column entitled "Exit Into Permanent Housing Rate." This is the percentage of people who leave Emergency Shelters who move directly into a permanent housing destination, including but not limited to permanent supportive housing, a subsidized or unsubsidized rental by the client, or moving in with family or friends on a non-temporary basis. The calculation excludes people who pass away in shelter or who exit to foster care, hospitals, or to a long-term care facility or nursing home.
Lobbyists - Master List of Lobbyists (Oracle View)
This dataset lists all registered lobbyists with the City of Austin.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 - Bulk
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.   This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2016 to September 30, 2017.
2015 Hospital-Onset Clostridium difficile Laboratory-Identified Events Table
Hospitals in Oregon report facility-wide Clostridium difficile LabID events as part of the mandatory reporting program. Hospital-onset C. difficile events are reported publically.
PROYECTOS DE INTERES SOCIAL EDUBA
Los distintos proyectos que viene desarrollando la empresa Eduba, y que se encuentran ubicados en la ciudad de Barrancabermeja, han sido atendidos de manera prioritaria por parte del gobierno Municipal, quien ha centrado su atención e interés para poder cumplir a cabalidad con cada uno de estos programas que tienen como finalidad en unos, mejorar la calidad de vida de la población más vulnerable, en áreas de viviendas  más críticas de la unidad habitacional, así mismo construir  viviendas de interés social dirigidas a familias vulnerables. Por otra parte contribuir a la superación de la pobreza extrema, construyendo una ciudad de propietarios, de legalidad y así poder mejorar las condiciones socio-económicas. Disminución de los niveles de conflicto social e incorporación real de nuevos propietarios a la economía local, influyendo  sobre el ingreso y las finanzas locales.
2017 County-level FFS Data for Shared Savings Program Benchmark PUF
Aggregate data consisting of per capita Parts A and B FFS expenditures, average CMS-HCC prospective risk scores and total person-years for assignable beneficiaries by Medicare enrollment type (End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD), disabled, aged/dual eligible, aged/non-dual eligible). It is the intent of CM to publish this PUF annually, in the summer following the conclusion of the calendar year to which it relates.
Vital Signs: Poverty - by tract
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Poverty (EQ5)  FULL MEASURE NAME The share of the population living in households that earn less than 200 percent of the federal poverty limit  LAST UPDATED December 2018  DESCRIPTION Poverty refers to the share of the population living in households that earn less than 200 percent of the federal poverty limit, which varies based on the number of individuals in a given household. It reflects the number of individuals who are economically struggling due to low household income levels.  DATA SOURCE U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census  http://www.nhgis.org (1980-1990) http://factfinder2.census.gov (2000)  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey  Form C17002 (2006-2017) http://api.census.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) The U.S. Census Bureau defines a national poverty level (or household income) that varies by household size, number of children in a household, and age of householder. The national poverty level does not vary geographically even though cost of living is different across the United States. For the Bay Area, where cost of living is high and incomes are correspondingly high, an appropriate poverty level is 200% of poverty or twice the national poverty level, consistent with what was used for past equity work at MTC and ABAG. For comparison, however, both the national and 200% poverty levels are presented.   For Vital Signs, the poverty rate is defined as the number of people (including children) living below twice the poverty level divided by the number of people for whom poverty status is determined. Poverty rates do not include unrelated individuals below 15 years old or people who live in the following: institutionalized group quarters, college dormitories, military barracks, and situations without conventional housing. The household income definitions for poverty change each year to reflect inflation. The official poverty definition uses money income before taxes and does not include capital gains or noncash benefits (such as public housing, Medicaid, and food stamps). For the national poverty level definitions by year, see: https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/data/threshld/index.html For an explanation on how the Census Bureau measures poverty, see: https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/about/overview/measure.html  For the American Community Survey datasets, 1-year data was used for region, county, and metro areas whereas 5-year rolling average data was used for city and census tract.  To be consistent across metropolitan areas, the poverty definition for non-Bay Area metros is twice the national poverty level. Data were not adjusted for varying income and cost of living levels across the metropolitan areas.
Energy And Water Kits Borrowed
Number of energy and water kits borrowed from libraries countywide.
DNR Camping Parks Reservation Data 2012
Information collected through the reservation system for the general public to reserve camping sites in the Nova Scotia Provincial Parks for 2012
Facilites Work Orders
Work orders completed by the City of Auburn facilities division 2013-present
APS 3.3 Investigations: Findings of Abuse By County FY2010-2019
ABOUT THIS CHART Allegation Disposition (Findings) Codes:  Valid. Based on the standard of preponderance of the evidence, it is more likely than not that the maltreatment occurred.  Invalid. Based on the standard of preponderance of the evidence, it is more likely than not that the maltreatment did not occur.  Unable to Determine. A preponderance of the available evidence is insufficient to support a finding of Valid or Invalid.   Other.  The allegation disposition Other is used when an investigation of the allegation was not completed for some reason, e.g. clients died or cases were misclassified.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs.
USDA Summer Meals Sites 2020
Nutritious free meals are available for children and teens 18 and younger at many locations throughout the nation while school is out of session through United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Summer Food Service Program (SFSP). This dataset contains the locations for summer meal sites in 2020, and it was filtered from the USDA's United States dataset to only show locations in Pennsylvania.
RRHHL Abode Rapid Rehousing
RRHHL Abode Rapid Rehousing. HSALA Measure K.
Sedes Educativas Municipio de Tipacoque
Cantidad de estudiantes en cada una de las sedes Educativas del Municipio de Tipacoque.
Fire and Medical Incidents Dispatched in City of Mesa
Information about incidents dispatched by Fire & Medical for service within the City of Mesa. All dispatch and response times are based on calls received and dispatched by Mesa Regional Dispatch Center (MRDC) only. Calls to 911 are routed by a 911 Control Office to a primary public safety answering point (PSAP). The primary PSAP for emergency calls in the City of Mesa is Police 911 dispatch. Fire and Medical calls are transferred to the MRDC, a secondary PSAP for dispatch. Call handling and response times in this dataset do not include primary PSAP receive, handle and transfer times.     Visit https://www.fcc.gov/general/9-1-1-and-e9-1-1-services and http://www.mesaaz.gov/residents/fire-medical/divisions-sections/dispatch-deployment for more information. Also see http://www.mesaaz.gov/residents/police/divisions/communications/how-does-911-work for additional information about using 911.
Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) RUG Aggregate Report, CY 2014
The Skilled Nursing Facility Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Skilled Nursing Facility PUF) provides information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries residing in skilled nursing facilities. The Skilled Nursing Facility PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), submitted charges and beneficiary demographic and chronic condition indicators organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service.  This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Water Quality Protection Charges
The Water Quality Protection Charge (WQPC) is a line item on your property tax bill.  WQPC funds many of the County's clean water initiatives including:    •	Restoration of eroded stream banks  •	Upgrades to stormwater ponds  •	Storm drain cleaning and maintenance  •	Stream monitoring  •	Litter control programs  •	Stormwater facility maintenance  •	Installation of rain barrels, rain gardens and green roofs  The WQPC is calculated based on how much of your property is impervious (does not allow rain to be absorbed into the ground). As the county is developed, more area is covered in impervious concrete, asphalt, driveways, and buildings. Instead, that stormwater collects pollutants and runs off of the impervious surfaces causing damage to streams, rivers and the Chesapeake Bay. This is also known as stormwater pollution.  The clean water initiatives funded by the WQPC remediate the environmental damage caused by stormwater pollution. Further, the WQPC funds programs that are needed to meet the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit from the state of Maryland.  Update Frequency : Annually
Housing Next - Levels of Overcrowdedness
Data on the percent and number of households that are overcrowded or severely overcrowded in different areas of Grand Rapids.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS095
Driver Feedback Sign DFS095  Latitude: 53.5519 Longitude: -113.47297  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Contratación Mes de Febrero de 2019 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de febrero de 2019, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
Project WeHOPE - East Palo Alto Homeless Shelter Operating Expenses
Project WeHOPE - East Palo Alto Homeless Shelter Operating Expenses. HSAHS Measure K Performance.
NYS Thruway Origin and Destination Points for All Vehicles - 15 Minute Intervals: 2020 Q2
This file contains data on the number and types of vehicles that entered from each entry point on the tolled section of the Thruway with their exit points.
DOF: Cooperative Comparable Rental Income – Staten Island – FY 2008/2009
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
Murray School District Sage Scores 2014
Murray School District Sage Scores 2014
Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) Provider Summary for the Top 100 Diagnosis-Related Groups (DRG) - FY2011
6/2/14 UPDATE: Original FY2011 data file has been updated to include a new column, "Average Medicare Payment." The data provided here include hospital-specific charges for the more than 3,000 U.S. hospitals that receive Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) payments for the top 100 most frequently billed discharges, paid under Medicare based on a rate per discharge using the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2011. These DRGs represent more than 7 million discharges or 60 percent of total Medicare IPPS discharges.  For more information, see https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/Medicare-Provider-Charge-Data/Inpatient2011.html.
Historial de Misiones Diplomáticas
Relaciona la información actual e histórica de las misiones diplomáticas de Colombia en el exterior. https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=e1S0GcQyMkymbQ9pAT9hWh3zC1ukCGtCqkYb4M6lDqdUM0Y0RjZCTTRENDdVUkI2VjNLQ0hCQkE3VSQlQCN0PWcu
Projected Population 2010-2040 - Total By Age Groups
Projected total New York City population for five intervals from 2010 through 2040 by Borough, broken down by 18 age cohorts. (Age groups may not add up to the total due to rounding.)
Number of Deaths among Maryland Residents, 1902-2015
Number of deaths among Maryland residents by year of death.
CONCEJALES DEL MUNICIPIO DE LETICIA - AMAZONAS 2016-2019
Concejales - periodo 2016 al 2019
LASAN:  Solid Resources Abandoned Waste Collection Activity
LA Sanitation information on abandoned waste requests updated monthly. This includes requests for Illegal Dumping, Illegal Bulky, Illegal E-Waste, and Illegal Metal Household Appliance collections.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Gender and Age
Veterans by Gender and Age categories. Veterans: Civilians who have served (even for a short time), but are not currently serving, on active duty in the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard, or who served in the U.S. Merchant Marine during World War II. People who served in the National Guard or Reserves are classified as veterans only if they were ever called or ordered to active duty. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
PRR 21720
Report number of all incidents in which a gun was discharged 2000-present
311 Service Requests - Rodent Baiting - Historical
As described in http://bit.ly/311HistoricalPost, the function of this dataset was replaced by https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/v6vf-nfxy. This dataset is historical-only.  All open rodent baiting requests and rat complaints made to 311 and all requests completed since January 1, 2011. The Department of Streets & Sanitation investigates reported rat sightings. Alley conditions are examined. If any damaged carts are identified, Sanitation Ward Offices, which distribute the carts are notified. Rodenticide is placed in rat burrows to eradicate nests. 311 sometimes receives duplicate rat complaints and requests for rodent baiting. Requests that have been labeled as Duplicates are in the same geographic area and have been entered into 311’s Customer Service Requests (CSR) system at around the same time as a previous request. Duplicate reports/requests are labeled as such in the Status field, as either "Open - Dup" or "Completed - Dup." Data is updated daily.
NNDSS - Table II. Chlamydia to Coccidioidomycosis
NNDSS - Table II. Chlamydia to Coccidioidomycosis - 2015.In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed.The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.    NP: Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, have been moved to Table 2 to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions. ��� Case counts for reporting year 2015 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.
TARIFAS
MAYO 2020
Orthophotos (ECW Files by Quarter Section) 2018
The file naming convention of the orthophotos is TTRRSS (NE, NW, SE, SW) (TT=Township, RR=Range, SS=Section, NE=Quadrant). This data is updated on a 4 year cycle. These files are quarter section based.
Festividades Yopal
Este conjunto de datos contiene información sobre las festividades del Municipio de Yopal.
Public Chauffeurs
List of City of Chicago licensed Public Chauffeurs, who may operate a licensed Taxicab, Livery, or Horse-Drawn Carriage. For questions or issues regarding this dataset, please e-mail BACPPV@cityofchicago.org with chauffeur name, number, and question or issue. For more information on the Public Chauffeur program, please see http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/bacp/supp_info/public_chauffeurinformation.html.
2018 Bias Incident Reports by Outcome
The Seattle Office for Civil Rights (SOCR) receives calls on the Bias Incident Reporting Line. This dataset shows the amount of calls received each quarter of 2018 by outcome. An “uncategorized” outcome means the call did not fall into one of the listed categories or SOCR was unable to complete the communication with the caller.
Plan de Acción ESSA 2018
Plan de Acción ESSA 2018
Home Health Care - National Data
The national averages for critical quality measures of Home Health Agencies.
Grant Applications Tracking Table
The Grant Applications Tracking Table tracks grant applications received by the LPC and their outcomes.     LPC's Historic Preservation Grant Program (HPGP) offers grants ranging from $10,000 to $30,000 primarily for façade restoration to not-for-profit organizations and income-eligible owners of buildings located in historic districts, or are designated individual landmarks. The grants are funded through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG). The grant program looks favorably upon applicants that can, to the extent possible, provide matching funds. The Grant Applications Tracking Table tracks grant applications recieved by the LPC and their outcomes.
Población Proyectada del Municipio de Tuluá
Población Proyectada del Municipio de Tuluá
Esquema de publicación de la información INS
Contiene el esquema de publicación de la información del INS
Income Stats 2014 State By TI Bracket
This report shows income and tax statistics for all Vermont residents organized by Vermont taxable income bracket.  Out-of-state filers were excluded from the analysis but their totals are reported on a separate line.  Out-of-state filers with income adjsutment equal to zero (meaning they had no VT income) were excluded entirely.
Inventario de activos de información
Contiene el inventario de activos de información a 2019 de Tevenadina Ltda - Canal Trece
Moving Violations September 2013
Reported moving violations for September 2013. All numbers are preliminary and subject to possible change
TCP- Colectivo de Empresas - Rutas Villa de San Carlos
Histórico  Enero 2014 - Mayo 2019, Capacidad transportadora, pasajeros, distancia promedio, frecuencia promedio  de transporte colectivo Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga Rutas Villa de san carlos
Zoo Admissions
Paid Zoo admissions
Pruebas Saber 3-5-9 Matemáticas 3
Base de datos pruebas saber matemáticas 3°
National Cancer Screening Data
Cancer screening programs in Australia  - BreastScreen Australia  - National Cervical Screening Program  - National Bowel Cancer Screening Program    The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
Licensed Wholesale Cigarette Dealers
Licensed cigarette agent-jobbers, sub-jobbers, or vending machine operators.
Emery County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Emery County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Unemployment Rates 1990-2015
Police Dispatched Incidents
This dataset contains a list of Police Dispatched Incidents records.  Update Frequency : 4 Times Daily
Ethnic Artist Roster
The Ethnic Artist Roster is a diverse list of artists of color who were selected through a panel process for exhibition opportunities in city owned or affiliated galleries. This roster is a resource to anyone who is looking for artwork by artists of color or who wants to host a culturally relevant art exhibition. The Ethnic Artist Roster is managed by the Seattle Office of Arts & Culture.
Maryland OEDs 2013
Maryland 8-Hour Ozone Concentrations Exceeding 2008 Health-Based Standard in ppb, Preliminary Data. In 2008 EPA set the ozone standard to 75 ppb. High levels of ozone can cause health effects including increased asthma attacks and other respiratory effects. You can get more information about the health effects at http://www.epa.gov/air/ozonepollution/. This data set details which monitoring locations in Maryland exceeded the standard during the year and the maximum concentrations on the dates the standard was exceeded. More information on Maryland's air quality monitoring is available at http://www.mde.state.md.us/programs/Air/AirQualityMonitoring/Pages/index.aspx.
Social Distancing: Parks Ambassador Data
During the Covid-19 response, NYC Parks deployed Social Distance Ambassadors (SDAs) across NYC parks to educate patrons on social distancing. This dataset contains encounters and non-encounters during deployment recorded by these SDAs.    Data Dictionary:     https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sVARjZB2SBKfz4b8wx349ySNvw-jNLJ2DgL-rFLvxbo/edit#gid=1627941470
2018 Types of Use of Force
A break down by type of force utilized.  Note, however, that several types of force may be used in a single incident, e.g., the officer may have used a weaponless impact and also deployed a taser.
COVID-19 Data by ZIP Code
This is an archived dataset & will no longer be updated.  ZIP code-level data related to COVID-19. Additional data & data definitions are available in the link below.  This dataset will be updated weekly on Tuesdays. Case data current as of  October 11, 2020. Testing data current as of October 10, 2020  *SUPP: suppressed due to small numbers **Not calculated: Rate not calculated, either due to small case count or small population count.  Rates are normalized to the 2014-2018 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates
KCPD Crime Data 2017
This is the most current information as of the date of upload. This provides the user the ability to view the most current crime information within Kansas City, Missouri. The displayed information is the most current information from the data source as of the date of upload. The data source is dynamic and therefore constantly changing. Changes to the information may occur, as incident information is refined. While the Board of Police Commissioners of Kansas City, Missouri (Board) makes every effort to maintain and distribute accurate information, no warranties and/or representations of any kind are made regarding information, data or services provided. The Board is not responsible for misinterpretation of this information and makes no inference or judgment as to the relative safety to any particular area or neighborhood. In no event shall the Board be liable in any way to the users of this data. Users of this data shall hold the Board harmless in all matters and accounts arising from the use and/or accuracy of this data.
Payment - State
Payment measures – state data. This data set includes state-level data for the payment measures associated with an episode of care for heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, and hip/knee replacement patients.
Shelby County Zip Codes
Shapefile of zip codes in Shelby County
POSPOPULI-GLOSARIO
Tabla con las palabras y conceptos que son difíciles de entender en POSPopuli
PCHEES Dashboard - Graduation / Continuation
Continuation and graduation rates for various groups of students.  The latest year displayed (AY 2016-17) includes enrollment data but does not include completions.  It is likely that a portion of the "Not Found" students will move to the "Graduated" category when that data becomes available.
Evolución de la Matrícula Total por Zona. 2011-2019**
Este conjunto de datos presenta la evolución de la matricula total por zona (Urbana y rural) entre los años 2011 y 2019**    **: Dato parcial. Fuente: Coordinación de educación.
Presidentes de las Juntas de Accion Comunal
Informacion de los presidentes de las juntas de accion comunal de las diferentes veredas, cada uno especificando el numero de habitantes de los cuales ellos estan a cargo y su extensión en kilometros.
NNDSS - Table II. Vibriosis
NNDSS - Table II. Vibriosis - 2017.  In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.    Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:   C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.      U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     *Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.     † Case counts for reporting year 2017 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for tuberculosis are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.    § The national surveillance case definition was revised in 2017 to include infections confirmed by culture-independent diagnostic tests as probable cases.
Oakland SB 272 Enterprise IT Systems Catalog
The State has required all California cities to publish a catalog of technology systems. This list includes technologies that the State considers to be "enterprise" and "systems of record."     Form more information, please read Senate Bill 272 or the California Public Records Act, section 6270.5.
DSS Township Counts - by Program - CY 2015
DSS CY 2015 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2015, by township and program. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
EMPRESAS PRESTADORAS DE SERVICIOS PUBLICOS EN SANTANDER
LISTADO DE EMPRESAS PRESTADORAS DE SERVICIO PUBLICO EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER AÑO 2020
Traffic Signal Audits
This dataset describes planned and completed traffic signal audits across the City of Mesa managed transportation system. A traffic signal audit is a formal examination of the number of signalized intersections maintained by the City of Mesa. They are checked for proper programming and operation on a quarterly basis by a formal internal team. The data recorded includes the date by which each intersection needed to be audited, as well as the date the audit was completed.
BB FY15 REC Multi Program Measures
BB FY15 REC Multi Program Measures
LA County Parks and Open Space 2018
Publicly accessible data on the size and location of all existing parks, recreational facilities, open space and natural areas was collected through collaboration between the Departments of Parks and Recreation with 86 cities to complete a countywide inventory of existing parks.  A total of 3,023 parks were inventoried countywide.
Saravena Arauca - Histórico de Atención en la Comisaria de Familia
Información estadística histórica de los procesos atendidos por la comisaria de familia en 7 años
COA INFO BY MAKE AND MODEL
Information on City of Austin vehicles organized by make and model
Student Enrollment 2012-13 School Year
This file includes enrollment data from 2012-13 school year. Data are disaggregated by school, district, and state levels and include counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs, and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information.
Estado de ganado porcino Sucre 2016-2018
Estado actual del ganado porcino en el departamento de Sucre 2019
DYCD after-school programs: Jobs and Internships
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site, that offer the following after-school  job and internship programs: Summer Youth Employment, In-School Youth Employment (ISY), Out-of-School Youth Employment (OSY), Youth Employment, and Adult Employment Programs for children in age groups 14 to 24, 16 to 21, children in all grades, and adults.
LISTA DE RECTORES INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS DE GIRARDOT
Este conjunto de datos contiene los datos de los rectores de las instituciones educativas de girardot
Anales2016-2019
Analesc correspondiente a los años 2016, 2017,2018 y 2019
Timberland Regional Library Borrowers by Month
This dataset reports on the number of borrowers of physical items each month in the Timberland Regional Library District, a five-county rural library district serving Thurston, Lewis, Mason, Pacific, and Grays Harbor counties. It includes a count of unique borrowers by each library location and month.
Police Response to Resistance - 2016
Police Response to Resistance - 2016
2017 School Allocation Memorandums
School Allocation Memorandums FY 2016-2017
USPTO - Patent average first action pendency (months)
This measure indicates the average time from the Utility, Plant and Reissue (UPR) application filing date to the date of mailing the First Office action. The measure is based on a three-month rolling time period. This is one of the two primary measures to track timeliness in the Patent organization.
Tax Revenue By Month
Tax Collections by the Department of Revenue Services
Ubicación Geográfica de Corregimientos y Sede Principal EMPRESAS PUBLICAS DE CAÑASGORDAS
Ubicación Geográfica de Corregimientos y Sede Principal EMPRESAS PUBLICAS DE CAÑASGORDAS
Door-To-Door Vendor's License
A door-to-door vendor's license is required if an individual travels from dwelling to dwelling or from office to office to sell goods or services.  Update Frequency - Daily
Consolidado de proyectos de ENTERRITORIO
Consolidado de información general sobre proyectos vigentes a cargo de la Empresa Nacional Promotora del Desarrollo Territorial - ENTerritorio
2019-20 Adopted Budget - Changes
2019-20 Adopted Budget - Changes
Police Youth Outreach Events and Activities
This data set provides the number of interactions police officers have had with youth in the community at outreach events and other activities.
Standard Balance Sheet 2013-14
The balance sheet is a representation of an organisation's assets, liabilities and equity at a particular point in time. A balance sheet can be used to show a business's net worth. It includes line items such as cash assets, receivables, investments and payables.   While all due care has been taken in providing these figures, some errors and discrepancies may be present.
Barrios del Municipio de Itagüí
Es el listado de los barrios del municipio de Itagüí junto con el código que los identifica dentro del Plan de Ordenamiento Territorial
Expenditures: ESD: North Central: Fiscal Year 2014
Expenditures for North Central ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
Behind the Rocks Southwest NRZ Census Data
This data contains information for the Southwest and Behind The Rocks NRZ Strategic Plan. It is Census Data for the years 1990, 2000, and 2010. The percentages shown are based on the  specific census tract.
Transparency – Utah Local Government Revenue 2010
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
E-scooter Priority Area - 2020
Map of the equity priority service area for Chicago's Summer 2020 electric scooter pilot program. Participating companies must place at least 50% of their scooters in this area. For more information on the pilot, please see https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/depts/cdot/supp_info/escooter-share-pilot-project.html.    This dataset is in a forma​​t for spatial datasets that is inherently tabular but allows for a map as a derived view. Please click the indicated link below for such a map.    To export the data in either tabular or geographic format, please use the Export button on this dataset.
Day Programs
Day programs provide employment, skills training, and day program opportunities for adults with disabilities in communities across Nova Scotia. They help people with disabilities develop meaningful relationships and expand skills that increase self-reliance and independence.
Patient survey (HCAHPS) - National
The national average for the HCAHPS survey categories. HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
Droguerias en Palmar de Varela - Atlàntico
Listado y dirección de las droguerías del Municipio de Palmar de Varela - Atlántico.
Hamilton County Railroad Crossings
Railroad crossings in Hamilton county. Data from https://safetydata.fra.dot.gov/OfficeofSafety/publicsite/DownloadCrossingInventoryData.aspx Data dictionary: https://safetydata.fra.dot.gov/gcis/Help/ReferenceDocuments/GCIS_Data_Dictionary_External_Use_v2.10.1.0_Rel_04-30-2020.pdf
High School On-Time Completion
This Indicator measures the percent of students who are still enrolled in high school after four years. Data is also provided on percent who graduated/completed high school within four years and percent who dropped out. The most recent year of OUSD graduation data is from 2015-16, so the cohort began 9th grade in 2012-13. Students who leave OUSD (but not from dropping out) are removed from the cohort, and students who enroll after 9th grade are added. GED completion and Special Ed Certification are included as types of completion.
OMISOS CONVERGENCIA EMPRESAS  2020-1
OMISOS CONVERGENCIA EMPRESAS  2020-1
Sitios Por Visitar Ábrego
Directorio de los principales sitios turísticos del Municipio de Ábrego, Norte de Santander.
Homicidios En Accidentes De Tránsito Según Hora De Ocurrencia 1993 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados las Muertes por Causa Externa según eventos de Tránsito por hora de ocurrencia de los hechos para los años 1993 al 2017
Listado del subsidio de Ingreso Solidario
Consulte aquí el listado de las personas beneficiadas en el subsidio de Ingreso Solidario.   Los pagos serán realizados del 17 al 27 de junio bajo la modalidad de pico y cédula, a través del operador de Bancamía, el cual se encuentra ubicado en el almacén sharit. (Lunes 0,1 - martes 2,3 - miércoles 4,5 - jueves 6, 7 - viernes 8, 9. Los sábados se brindará atención a casos especiales para que todos tengan la oportunidad de cobrar el ingreso solidario enviado por el Gobierno nacional).
Maryland Public Information Act  (MPIA)  Request Responses
The MPIA dataset will contain a list of MPIA requests that contain information about the MPIA request as well as a web link to the MPIA response packet created by the owning departments.  Each request will contain the following information:    Requestor First Name  Requestor Last Name  Requestor Organization  Description  Intake (ie email)  Lead Department  Data Owning Departments  Date Response Posted  Who Published the Response  Link to the Response Document(s) on a public Web Site    Update Frequency:  Daily
Historic Resource
The Inventory is a list of historic resources, including, but not limited to: buildings, structures, archeological sites, cultural landscapes, and parks that the CHA has evaluated and formally acknowledged to have significant heritage value.    For additional information on the evaluation criteria and information in this dataset please refer to the attachment "Evaluation System Handbook" in the "About this Dataset" section.
DOCENTES CONTRATO POR DEDICACIÓN 2018-2
Tiempo de dedicación para los docentes de contrato periodo 2018-2
Vital Statistics Live Births by Race/Ethnicity, Month Prenatal Care Began, and Mother's Age: Beginning 2008
This dataset contains the number of New York State live births stratified by mother’s age range, race/ethnicity, and the month prenatal care began. The data presented here may not be the same as the Vital Statistics tables on the DOH public web due to data updates. For more information, check out: http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/vital_Statistics/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
Nova Scotia Counties with Senior Safety Programs
List of counties across Nova Scotia with Senior Safety Programs
Taxable Square Footage
This dataset of taxable square footage per property is used to calculate special assessments approved by Berkeley voters in ballot measures.    Alameda County’s property tax bills include taxes, fixed charges, and special assessments from many agencies, including the City of Berkeley. Most voter-approved City of Berkeley special assessments and taxes are based on taxable square footage, not assessed value.
Police Calls for Service 01012016 to Current
Incidents reported to the Hartford Police Department by 911, Citizens, and Police Officers. Updated nightly
Michigan Building Permits for Housing Starts
Michigan building permits for housing starts as a 12 month moving annual average in thousands.
Special Vaccine Locations
List of sites that guarantee specific, non-flu vaccines will be in-stock and available for the time period indicated in each record. For flu shot locations, go to https://data.cityofchicago.org/Health-Human-Services/Flu-Shot-Locations-2014-Present/w3hg-pyhz.  Note for using this dataset that it is always recommended that individuals contact their healthcare provider or closest pharmacy to check on vaccine availability prior to walking in for vaccination. Each vaccine has a filtered view showing only records from that vaccine and blank filter conditions that can be used to filter further by time. These filtered views can be used for almost all purposes as if they were datasets, although any additional criteria added by a user would need to be saved to a new filtered view in order to use it in this manner. This dataset approximately follows https://github.com/codeforamerica/flu-shot-spec/blob/master/data-format.csv and is designed for use by https://github.com/tkompare.  For more information about CDPH Vaccines/Shots/Immunizations, go to https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/depts/cdph/provdrs/health_protection_and_response/svcs/immunization1.html.
SBS ICAP Contract Opportunities
Subcontracting opportunities for NYC-Certified M/WBEs through privately funded Industrial and Commercial Abatement Program (ICAP) projects
Retail Food Stores
A listing of all retail food stores which are licensed by the Department of Agriculture and Markets.
C4K Children School Age By Setting SFY 2016 Monthly Average
Care 4 Kids Number of Children, Preschool Age, by Setting Type and Town, SFY 2016 Monthly Average. Care 4 Kids (C4K) is Connecticut's Child Care subsidy program.
Personal de Planta Alcaldía Municipio de Villa del Rosario 2017
Fuente: Oficina Jurídica y de Personal
Animal Control Monthly Board Reports
Starting in late 2008, the Animal Control Administrator submits a report to the County Board showing data such as the number of adoptions done each month or how many calls the administrator is called out on. This dataset includes links to copies of the pdf reports the Animal Control administrator submits to the Board. The previous month's data is provided in each month's report submitted to the Board.
Commercial Building Characteristics
This dataset contains location, address and property characteristics for commercial improved properties in Nova Scotia.
Veredas del  Municipio de Pijao
Nombre de las veredas del municipio de Pija y la cantidad de viviendas rurales en cada una de estas veredas.
Juntas de Acción Comunal del Municipio de San Vicente Ferrer-Antioquia
Grupos Comunales del municipio de San Vicente Ferrer
2015 - 2016 School Closure Discharge Reporting Borough Ethnicity
New York City public schools closed for poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 043
Strategic Measure_Community Survey Reporting Dataset
The annual City of Austin Community Survey measures success in key areas of our Strategic Plan and other City priorities. This data comes from a third party that administers the survey on behalf of the city. The city uses this information for performance measurement.  This is a small portion of the full community survey dataset that can be found here: https://data.austintexas.gov/City-Government/Strategic-Measure_-Dataset-Name-/tpkc-tthx This data set is intended to power visualizations for related measures in the strategic plan.   Thirty one strategic measures are reported using this data set.    View more details and insights related to this data set on the story pages:  https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/vhpk-mfsd https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/rzhz-fjps https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/3dbr-g3ga https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/ecc5-fpih https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/yigs-zznh https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/4peq-swgv https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/kgai-y8vi https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/fb9k-gfz5 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/epgk-j68z https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/hvdf-7j4n https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/nfcx-g3j5 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/p2hz-spmf https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/su8r-wr2c https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/vdhi-bz8h https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/en8w-pzwk https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/h3ch-7b65 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/3rz5-26z3 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/jsbv-h3zh https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/e8bv-yc47 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/nk97-it22 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/4uke-bhq2 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/6ywm-cejy https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/iq8c-z5dc https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/rs7k-ptem https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/ca5r-kdf5 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/adg9-7aik https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/vwkq-mns4 https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/ezzw-84wr https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/vrqf-nr4j https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/ucfh-heru https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/rine-sac9
Water Service Outage Index (2006 - Current Year)
The Water Utility calculates the System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI) to measure the reliability of the water system.  This index is represented as the total number of minutes each customer can expect to be without service in a given year.
SHIP Persons With A Usual Primary Care Provider 2011-2017
Persons With A Usual Primary Care Provider - This indicator shows the percentage of people who reported that they had one person they think of as their personal doctor or healthcare provider.
Ofm April1 Population Change And Rank
+++++++++++++++++++
Allegany County Full and Part Time Jobs By Industry: Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040
Total Jobs by Industry, Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040 in Allegany County by Industry and by Place of Work.
Study Characteristics
Study Characteristics for Randomized Controlled Trials included in the NCPTSD's PTSD-Repository.   Values reported as "NA" or not reported "NR" by the study are null values (empty cells).
Esquema de Publicación Alcaldía de Nilo Cundinamarca
Contiene Esquema de Publicación de informacion en la pagina web de la Alcaldía de Nilo Cundinamarca
Socio-economic Index for Individuals (SEIFI) 2006 - Index of Relative Socio-economic Advantage and Disadvantage 10 groups
This spread sheet shows ABS geographic standards from 2006 across Australia and the % of the 15-64 year old population within each Socio-Economic Indexes for Individuals (SEIFI) IRSAD group. The data used to create this information was the same as used in the research paper “Socio-Economic Indexes for Areas: Getting a handle on individual diversity within areas” by Phillip Wise and Rosalynn Mathews. It is advised that this paper is read to further develop an understanding of the concepts and caveats associated with the analytical output contained in the spreadsheet.]  Roughly, the most disadvantaged 10% of the 15–64 year old population falls into group 1, whilst group 10 contains the most advantaged 10%. The smallest group in terms of 15–64 year old population proportion is group 6 with 7.78%, compared to group 7 with the largest percentage at 12% due to clustering at this point in the distribution of scores.  Group 1 – Approx. 9.6% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 2 – Approx. 10.0% of the 15-64 year old population   Group 3 – Approx. 11.5% of the 15-64 year old population   Group 4 – Approx. 8.6% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 5 – Approx. 11.4% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 6 – Approx. 7.8% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 7 – Approx. 12.0% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 8 – Approx. 9.1% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 9 – Approx. 9.5% of the 15-64 year old population  Group 10 – Approx. 10.5% of the 15-64 year old population
Environmental Monitoring Program Data
Environmental Monitoring Program data for aquaculture.
Local Law 44 - Unit Income Rent
The Unit Income Rent data table includes the number of bedrooms disaggregated by maximum allowable household income and initial legal and actual rents for each building in a Local Law 44 Housing Development Project. This information is reported pursuant to Local Law 44 of 2012, and is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=HPD+Local+Law+44'>Housing Projects Receiving City Financial Assistance (Local Law 44) collection of data tables</a>.
Comprehensive African Agriculture Development Program (CAADP): Other Indicators
The Comprehensive African Agriculture Development Program (CAADP) was designed to promote interventions that best respond to the recognized precarious situation of African agriculture. Its focused goals are (a) extending the area under sustainable land management and reliable water control systems; (b) improving rural infrastructure and trade-related capacities for improved market access; and (c) increasing food supply and reducing hunger. The CAADP also pays attention to emergencies and disasters that require food and agricultural responses or safety nets.
Government Publication- Required Reports
Metadata for documents submitted to the Department of Records and Information services which are required by legislation.
ARCHIVED - RCCL 4.3 Central Registry Background Checks Requested by County FY08- FY17
Residential Child Care Licensing (RCCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Asistencia tecnica a ganaderia
Asistencia técnica Hace parte del plan generar de asistencia técnica en el municipio para el segundo semestre del 2015 siendo una cadena productiva en el desarrollo de la misma.
Vamos para la Universidad - Estudiantes inscritos en cursos en Parques y Ciudadelas Educativas en los diferentes municipios
Información de estudiantes inscritos en los cursos ofrecidos en los Parques y Ciudadelas Educativas del departamento de Antioquia, en el marco del programa Vamos para la Universidad.    El programa Vamos para la Universidad es una iniciativa de la Gobernación de Antioquia y es operado por la Universidad de Antioquia.
Medicare Skilled Nursing Facilities Therapy Minutes Aggregate Table, CY 2014
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Skilled Nursing Facility Utilization and Payment Public Use File (herein referred to as “Skilled Nursing Facility PUF”), with information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries residing in skilled nursing facilities.  The Skilled Nursing Facility PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), and submitted charges organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service.  This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.     Although the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF has a wealth of payment and utilization information about skilled nursing facility services, the dataset also has a number of limitations.  The information presented in this file does not indicate the quality of care provided by individual skilled nursing facilities.  The file only contains cost and utilization information.  Additionally, the data are not risk adjusted and thus do not account for differences in the underlying severity of disease of patient populations treated by providers.  For additional limitations, please review the methodology document available in the About tab.
Farmers Market List 2015
Farmers Market List 2015
7/1/17 - 6/30/19 Secretary of State Financial Accounting  (Final- Updated 1/22/20)
This report includes all Secretary of State non-payroll expenditures for the 2017-2019 budget (July 1, 2017 to June 30, 2019) that have been recorded as of Dec. 31, 2019.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS210
Driver Feedback Sign DFS210    Latitude: 53.5666  Longitude: -113.43092    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
CPS 2.9 Family Group Conferences FY2010-2019
Family Group Decision Making (FGDM) is a collaborative approach to service planning and decision making. Using the FGDM approach, families join with relatives, friends, and others in the community to develop a plan to ensure children are cared for and protected from future harm. This broader constellation of “family” convenes with information providers/community supports and CPS caseworkers in a unique partnership that empowers the “family group” with a high degree of decision-making authority and responsibility.  FGCs generally are held after a child is removed, but may also be used before removal when the family receives Family Based Safety Services.
NYC Business Acceleration Businesses Served and Jobs Created
The list tracks the number of businesses that NYC Business Acceleration has assisted in opening and how many jobs were created by those businesses. This data is up to date as of the date reflected in the "About" tab of this dataset.
County Agricultural Districts Profile
The Agricultural Districts Profile summary is a county listing that identifies the agricultural district number and names of towns within each district. Each district listing includes: creation date, anniversay date, total acres, farmed acres, cropped acres, acres owned, rented acres and number of farms.  This dataset will be updated in January of each year. The Agricultural District Profile Data Summary is  found at the following link:http://www.agriculture.ny.gov/AP/agservices/agdistricts.html. The Agricultural District Profile contains a listing of each county participating in the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets (DAM) Agricultural District program. Agricultural districts have been created in 53 of New York’s 62 counties. Participation in the Agricultural District program is landowner initiated and represents a local mechanism for the protection and enhancement of farmlands as a viable segment of the local and state economies.
110 - FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 2.1
Office of Finance Performance Metrics Objective 2.1- Risk management payments to claimants, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Provisional COVID-19 Death Counts by Sex, Age, and State
Deaths involving coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), pneumonia, and influenza reported to NCHS by sex and age group and state.  NOTICE TO USERS:  As of September 2, 2020, this data file includes the following age groups in addition to the age groups that are routinely included: 0-17, 18-29, 30-49, and 50-64. The new age groups are consistent with categories used across CDC COVID-19 surveillance pages. When analyzing the file, the user should make sure to select only the desired age groups.  Summing across all age categories provided will result in double counting deaths from certain age groups.
Facility Assessment
GH Pro conducted an endline evaluation of USAID’s Maternal Child Survival Program (MCSP-MNCH)1 to assess if it had achieved its objectives and planned outputs, as stated in its program description, in Nigeria’s Ebonyi and Kogi states. Five questions evaluated increases in access and utilization of reproductive, maternal, newborn, and child health interventions; gender-transformative strategies; sustainability; the program’s learning agenda vis-à-vis the Nigerian government’s learning needs; and use of program data.  The evaluation team used a retrospective analytic and a cross-sectional design to address the five questions, and mixed methods were used for data collection, including reviews of the national District Health Information System (DHIS) 2, MCSP-MNCH datasets, and 51 program documents.  Apparent improvements were noted in the utilization of six interventions: oxytocin, partograph, Chlorhexidine 4% gel, newborn resuscitation, essential newborn care, and integrated Community Case Management, particularly with referral of danger signs. MCSP-MNCH baseline data was not available nor calculable for magnesium sulphate or Kangaroo Mother Care. Data was also not available for postpartum family planning for first-time parents and Bubble Continuous Positive Airway Pressure for newborn resuscitation, as a study was undergoing analysis and data was not ready. Furthermore, the dataset MCSP-MNCH provided to the evaluation team was incomplete, imprecise, and contained errors, raising concerns about noted improvements.  The program’s work in male engagement and Mothers Savings and Loans Clubs hold promise for transforming gender norms but reached too few people. Most of the program’s reproductive health and MNCH interventions are likely to be included in budgets in Ebonyi and Kogi through the World Bank’s Saving One Million Lives project, but without specific commitment from the states’ governors, funding release may be jeopardized. The learning agenda helped inform implementation, but the government did not help shape the research. Last, MCSP-MNCH project created a new DHIS database instance for its project data only, including new indicators that it introduced (like application of Chlorhexidine 4% gel for newborn cord care), as well as indicators that were already available in the national DHIS 2 database; it is housed within the same server as the national DHIS 2.
Landslide Hazard Areas
Areas in unincorporated Pierce County where suspected risk of slope instability and landslide is sufficient to require a geological assessment to determine potential for active landslide activity. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_potential_landslide_hazard_ars.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Contrato de escuelas deportivas
Resumen de los contratos realizados por el INDERSUCRE para la ejecución de escuelas deportivas
2017 - 2021 Council and Committee Meetings - Agenda Items and Attachments
This dataset is essentially a restatement of the 2017-2021 Council and Committee Meetings - Agenda Items dataset, but included URLs to any documents (typically Council reports) attached to the agenda.  Link to the associated dataset is: https://data.edmonton.ca/City-Administration/2017-2021-Council-And-Committee-Meetings-Agenda-It/3rj5-afza  Lists the Agenda Items for Council and Committee meetings. The agenda is usually published on the Thursday prior to the meeting. Statutory Public Hearings (Land Use) agendas are available 3 weeks prior to the meeting.  (Information Subject to Change. While every effort is taken to ensure its accuracy, the data presented here is for informational purposes only. The official record of the Council and Committee meetings shall be the Agendas, Minutes and supporting documents approved by and filed with the City Clerk.)
Broadband Adoption and Infrastructure by State Senate District
Key indicators of broadband adoption, service and infrastructure in New York City by State Senate District. </p> <b>Data Limitations:</b> Data accuracy is limited as of the date of publication and by the methodology and accuracy of the original sources.  The City shall not be liable for any costs related to, or in reliance of, the data contained in these datasets.
Medicare Beneficiary Enrollment and Demographics, Washington State and Counties, 2007-2014
(Source: CMS Medicare Geographic Variation Public Use File, December 2015)
CIP Budget
Listing of all financially active City project budgets and expenses from FIN’s budget structure 37 data. This data includes transactions paid by check as well as payroll transactions and transactions paid by wire or electronic draft, and the total project budget associated with projects.  The dataset will be pulled once a month for Socrata, and the dataset will represent a point in time as the budget structure will be a live data set.    The data contained on this website is for informational purposes only and represents budget and expenditure transactions of the City of Mesa. The data includes check payments as well as payroll transactions and transactions paid by wire or electronic draft. The data as represented is unaudited and may contain omissions. For audited financial statements please reference the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR). Payments that are voided in a subsequent Fiscal Year may appear as a negative amount.  Certain Activity assignments may change mid-year. This year-to-date information is updated monthly and represents the most current activity assignment regardless of the assignment at the time of the transaction.
Impuesto vehicular recaudado por cajero en el Departamento del Atlántico
Conjunto de datos que representan el recaudo de impuestos vehiculares realizado por cajero y por periodo en el departamento del Atlántico.
Surplus Crown Property: Recycle
This category encompasses items of surplus that have been removed from various pieces of furniture and equipment destined for landfills throughout the Province. These pieces are then sent to, or picked up by, various organizations committed to the Province’s continuing program on the diversion of solid waste from Provincial or Municipal landfills. There are other pieces of surplus equipment, such as IT assets, that may be broken, causing removal of sensitive information to be impossible in the traditional manner. In such cases, these items are securely disposed of by the Province’s contracted metal recycler. Other surplus or obsolete electronic items are recycled through the Atlantic Canada’s Electronic Stewardship (ACES) in accordance with the Electronic Product Stewardship Regulations.
SAIFI Data 2014-2017
Monthly System Average Interruption Frequency Index, or SAIFI, is a reliability indicator used by electric power utilities. It represents the average number of sustained service interruptions a customer would experience, and is calculated as the total number of customer interruptions divided by the total number of customers served. A sustained service interruption is defined as two or more minutes.
Electric Charging Stations In Utah Sept 2015
This data set contains electric charging stations in Utah from the US Dept of Energy as of Sept 2, 2015.
2006-2011 English Language Arts (ELA) Test Results by Grade - Citywide - All Students
New York City Results on the New York State English Language Arts (ELA) Tests, Grades 3 - 8  Notes:  As of 2006, the New York State Education Department expanded the ELA and mathematics testing programs to Grades 3-8. Previously, state tests were administered in Grades 4 and 8 and citywide tests were administered in Grades 3, 5, 6, and 7.  Starting in 2010, NYSED changed the scale score required to meet each of the proficiency levels, increasing the number of questions students needed to answer correctly to meet proficiency.  In 2007, the New York State Education Department updated its testing policy for English Language Learners: ELLs in an English Language School System for more than one year are required to take the ELA exam. Previously, ELLs in an English Language School System for less than 3 years were exempt from taking the ELA exam.
KioskosDigitales Guaviare
Información de los kioskos digitales con que cuenta el Departamento del Guaviare
Hospitals in New Brunswick Operated by Horizon Health Network / Hôpitaux au Nouveau-Brunswick opérés par le réseau de santé Horizon
A List of all hospitals in New Brunswick operated by Horizon Health Network / Une liste de tous les hôpitaux du Nouveau-Brunswick opérés par le réseau de santé Horizon
Cook County Recorder of Deeds - Foreclosures - 2012 January 1 to November 29
Foreclosures recorded from January 1, 2012 through November 29, 2012
VISITAS DE INSPECCIÓN, VIGILANCIA Y CONTROL
VISITAS DE INSPECCIÓN, VIGILANCIA Y CONTROL SECRETARIA DE SALUD DE LA ALCALDÍA DE FACATATIVÁ
Data for Efficacy of Heavy Duty Tarp Disinfection (Phi6)
In the 2014 West African Ebola outbreak, international organizations provided conflicting recommendations for disinfecting surfaces contaminated by uncontrolled patient spills. We compared the efficacy of four chlorine solutions (sodium hypochlorite, sodium dichloroisocyanurate, high ­test hypochlorite, and generated hypochlorite) for disinfection of three surface types (stainless steel, heavy duty tarp, and nitrile), with and without pre­cleaning practices (pre­wiping and/or covering) and soil load. The test organisms were E. coli and the Ebola surrogate Phi6. All tests achieved a minimum of 5.9­ and 3.1­log removal in E. coli and Phi6, respectively. A 15­-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine was sufficient to ensure less than 8 Phi6 PFU/cm2 in all tests. While chlorine types were equally efficacious with and without soil load, variation was seen by surface type. Wiping did not increase disinfection efficacy, and is not recommended as it generates infectious waste. Covering spills decreased disinfection efficacy against E. coli on heavy ­duty tarp but does prevent splashing, which is critical in Ebola contexts. Our results support the recommendation of a 15-minute exposure to 0.5% chlorine, independently of chlorine type, surface, pre­-cleaning practices, and organic matter, as an efficacious measure to interrupt disease transmission from uncontrolled spills in Ebola outbreaks.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Livestock Income Dataset
This dataset contains information about the household’s income derived from livestock sale. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
2015 2016 Student Discipline Annual Report - IEP
Student Discipline Annual Report - IEP
Rev Auth- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 1.1
Revenue Authority Performance Metrics Objective 1.1- Increase the quantity of projects by developing land, financing partnerships with other agencies, and/or private developers, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Instituciones de Educación Pública de la Dorada
Contiene información básica de las Instituciones Educativas de carácter Público del Municipio de La Dorada.
Adult Smokers By County In Utah 2010-2016
This data set contains the Adult Smoking Rates by County for Utah.  County rankings measure vital health factors, including high school graduation rates, obesity, smoking, unemployment, access to healthy foods, the quality of air and water, income, and teen births in nearly every county in Utah. The annual Rankings provide a revealing snapshot of how health is influenced by where we live, learn, work and play.
Toxics Release Inventory
Contains information about toxic chemicals in Delaware. It is based on annual reports from facilities that use or manufacture those chemicals. DNREC publishes annual state Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) reports and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) publishes national TRI reports. Annual reports are published at the end of each calendar year and cover the previous calendar year.
Departamento de procedencia admitidos 2019-1
Departamento de procedencia de los estudiantes admitidos para el periodo 2019-1
Parks Inspection Program – Comfort Stations
This dataset contains comfort stations eligible for inspection, and identifies extended comfort station closures. Each row represents a single comfort station.    A complete list of all datasets in the series can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Parks%20Inspection%20Program%20(PIP)&sortBy=alpha">here</a>.
WAT Owners/Drivers Trip Reimbursement 2018
This dataset lists wheelchair accessible taxicab (WAT) owners and drivers who received reimbursements from the Wheelchair Accessible Services Fund for wheelchair passenger trips made between January 1 and December 30, 2018. The reimbursement amount is $20 per wheelchair passenger trip.
Compensation Disclosure List
The City’s compensation disclosure list includes position titles and base salary ranges as approved by Council in 2014.  For more information see: <a href="https://www.calgary.ca/ca/city-manager/compensationdisclosure.html">Compensation disclosure list</a>
Percentage of funds allocated to nursing homes as compared to funds allocated to Home and Community Based Programs (HCBP), New Jersey: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Percent of government funding allocated to institutional care or Home and Community Based Programs (HCBP)    Definition=Percentage of government funding allocated to institutional care as compared to funds allocated to Home and Community Based Programs (HCBP)      Data Sources=Division of Aging Services, New Jersey Department of Human Services
Traffic Safety
Traffic stops are conducted to promote public safety on our roadways. Traffic enforcement, in the form of traffic citations, is intended to reduce traffic crashes, traffic fatalities and encourage compliance with traffic laws.
2015 - 2016 School Closure Discharge By Gender
New York City public schools closed for poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 043.
Restaurantes y cafés en Jericó Antioquia
Restaurantes en Jericó Antioquia
Actividades recreativas Universidad del Quindio
Datos de actividades recreativas, cultura y desarrollo humano en cursos de Pintura, Escultura, Danzas, Futbol, Voleibol, Natación, Baloncesto y Otros
TDA Summer 2018 Meals Served - Map Dataset
Site addresses and meals served by meal type for participants of summer 2018 Seamless Summer Option (SSO) and Summer Food Service Program (SFSP).   This dataset is derived from published 2018 Summer Feeding Programs  datasets for the purpose of providing visualizations and measures for the TDA Data Overview story. Please refer to the original datasets for more detailed information.
hogares de bienestar familiar
Esta modalidad, propicia el desarrollo y cuidado de los niños menores de 5 años en condiciones de  vulnerabilidad, a través de acciones que promueven el ejercicio de sus derechos, con la participación  activa y organizada de la familia, la comunidad y las entidades territoriales. Esta dirigida a niños y niñas desde los 6 meses hasta los 4 años y 11 meses, pertenecientes a familias  en condición de vulnerabilidad socioeconómica.
Registro de Activos de Información
Dentro de los intrumentos de gestión de la información pública, estipulados por la ley de Transparencia y acceso a la información 1712 de 2014 EPM comparte como datos abiertos su registro de activos de información vigente al año 2019.
Directed Patrols
Directed patrols play an important role in the Department's strategic and tactical proactive efforts. Directed patrols can deter and detect criminal activity in neighborhoods. Also, the Park Walk and Talk program, a type of directed patrol, is intended to support the Department's community policing strategy by encouraging police officers to interact with citizens to improve community-police relations and reduce the fear of crime.
Indice información clasificada y reservada Enviaseo
El índice de información clasificada y Reservada es el inventario de la información publica que se genera, se obtiene, se adquiere o se controla que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada
Estadisticas sector agropecuario Apicultura en el departamento de sucre.
Datos estadisticos referentes al area de la apicultura en el departamento de sucre en los años 2011-2015.
Saravena Arauca Accidentalidad 2010 - 2016
Recolección  de datos desde 2010 - 2016 de la accidentalidad presentada en el municipio de Saravena, sus vías, los actores involucrados e información básica recolectada cuando se realiza el croquis.
Población Elegible de Villavicencio Año 2013
Población Elegible para la asignación de subsidios en salud a la que se le ha verificado las condiciones de beneficiarios con el mecanismo del sisbén
DECLARACIÓN DE VÍCTIMAS DEL CONFLICTO ARMADO 2018 EN LA PERSONERÍA MUNICIPAL DE BUCARAMANGA
Brindar orientación  y asesoría jurídica a las víctimas de hechos atribuibles a grupos armados al margen de la ley, desplazamiento a causa del conflicto armado interno, coadyuvando en el correcto diligenciamiento del formulario y toma de declaración para acceder a los beneficios de reparación de victimas, desplazados, protección de tierras y expedición de certificado de muerte violenta, remitiéndolo oportunamente ante las instancias competentes para lograr el goce efectivo de los derechos.
Census - Visible Minority Group
Population of visible minority groups living in neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2018 - Obstruction
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2017 to September 30, 2018.
Directorio de organismos para la prevención y atención de hechos delictivos Municipio de Envigado 2017
Ubicación e información de cada uno de los organosmos para la prevencion y atencion de hechos delictivos del Municipio de Envigado
Budget - Capital
Capital Budget data for latest fiscal year and several historical years.  Cambridge's fiscal year runs from July 1 to June 30. For more information, please visit: www.cambridgema.gov/budget
Census 2001 - Unpaid Work
Characteristics of unpaid work (housework, childcare, assistance to seniors) organized by neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city.
Pavement Data
2015 Pavement data from Cartegraph
Active Franchise Tax Permit Holders
This file contains a list of active taxpayers set up for franchise tax under Tax Code Chapter 171. The file includes taxpayer name, address, and other public business information.    See https://comptroller.texas.gov/about/policies/privacy.php for more information on our agency’s privacy and security policies
National Drugs Strategy Household Survey (NDSHS) - Tobacco
National Drugs Strategy Household Survey (NDSHS) - Tobacco  # Statistically significant change between 2013 and 2016.  * Estimate has a relative standard error of 25% to 50% and should be used with caution. ** Estimate has a high level of sampling error (relative standard error of 51% to 90%), meaning that it is unsuitable for most uses. Ex-smoker - Smoked at least 100 cigarettes (manufactured and/or roll-your-own) or the equivalent amount of tobacco in their life, and reported no longer smoking. Never smoked - Never smoked 100 cigarettes (manufactured and/or roll-your-own) or the equivalent amount of tobacco. n.p. not published because of small numbers, confidentiality or other concerns about the quality of the data.  ! Caution should be exercised when interpreting results for people aged 12–17 years in the Australian Capital Territory due to small sample sizes.
DOF Condominium Comparable Rental Income in NYC
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings. DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative to determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  This report includes information at a condominium suffix level which represents a subdivision of the condominium since DOF values condominiums at a suffix level. A condominium may have more than one suffix.    This data set contains the reports from 2012-2018.
2018 - 2019 School Locations
2018 - 2019 School Locations
City of Melbourne Population Forecasts 2016 to 2041 - Dwellings and Households
This dataset provides the population forecasts (prepared April 2019) for private dwellings and households, including the number of vacant private dwellings and vacancy rates, persons in private and non private dwellings and average household size. Forecasts are provided for single years from 2016 to 2041 for our municipality as well as thirteen small areas according to our Census of Land Use and Employment (also known as CLUE small areas).  <p>The forecasts are prepared by an independent, specialist agency (.id).  Further information can be found on our <a href="https://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/about-melbourne/research-and-statistics/city-population/Pages/population-forecasts.aspx">Population Forecasts</a> page.  <a href="https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/browse?q=population+forecast"> <p>Related datasets</a> are also available on Open Data and include household type forecasts and population forecasts by age and gender.
Uniform Crime Reporting System Offenses By Department 2013
The Uniform Crime Reporting Program measures the extent, fluctuation and distribution of crime throughout the United States. After counting Crime Index offenses reported, minus any unfounded complaints, contributors provide the number of “actual offenses” and the number of crimes cleared. For a criminal offense to be “cleared,” either of the following situations must prevail: (1) at least one person is arrested, charged, and turned over to the court for prosecution; or (2) some element beyond police control precludes the physical arrest of the offender (e.g., death of offender, victim refuses to cooperate, confession by offender already in police custody), resulting in the offense being cleared by “exceptional means.” Contributing agencies also include data on the value of property stolen and recovered in connection with the reported offenses, plus specific information regarding homicides, officers assaulted and arson.
FEMA Floodway
The FEMA Defined Floodway is an area that is to be reserved for the free passage of flood waters without causing more than a one foot surcharge or increase in flood levels during the one-percent-annual-chance-flood event.  Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbswm_regulated_fema_floodway.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
NS Adult Admissions to Custody by Ethnicity
This dataset provides information on the percentage of offenders in adult correctional facilities by ethnicity and admission status (e.g., remand or sentenced custody). Percentage calculations exclude records where the ethnic background of the offender is unknown. The data is sourced from the Nova Scotia Department of Justice's Justice Enterprise Information Network (JEIN).
Animal Bites By Calendar Year
Total number of animal bites in the city of Dubuque for each calendar year.
FY2016 F65 City
F-65 Data Summary Cities 2016
2012  AP Results
The most recent school level results for New York City on AP exams. Results are available at the school level for the school year. Records contain AP Test Taking and Passing Rates.
Electronic Police Report 2015
All Police Reports filed by NOPD officers including incident and supplemental reports containing the item number, location, disposition, signal, charges, offender race, offender gender, offender age, victim age, victim gender, and victim race. Police Reports can be updated when subsequent information is determined as a result of an investigation. In order to protect the privacy of victims, addresses are shown at the block level.Disclaimer: The New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information. The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. For instance, the data contains ages that may be negative due to data entry errors. NOPD has chosen to publish the data as it exists in the source systems for transparency and has instituted data validation where appropriate to ensure quality data in the future. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
Australian Secondary Students Alcohol and Drug Survey (ASSAD) - Tobacco
Australian Secondary Students' Alcohol and Drug Survey - Tobacco  The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
.nyc Domain Registrations
A list of all .nyc domains registered along with the registration date and registrant type. This list is updated daily.
JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL DEL MUNICIPIO DE SIBUNDOY
Se presenta las juntas de accion comunal formalmente constituidas del municipio de Sibundoy
Assessor's Office Parcel Locations
Latitude - Longitude locations of all the parcels in Alameda County as of 07/24/2019.  Use Sort Parcel as your key field to merge with other Assessor data.  Standard used is State Plane Coordinate System.
NYCgov Poverty Measure Data (2010)
American Community Survey Public Use Micro Sample, augmented by NYC Opportunity.    This file contains poverty rates and related data from the NYCgov poverty measure data. The NYCgov poverty measure is generated annually by the poverty research unit of the Mayor's Office of Economic Opportunity (NYC Opportunity). The data is derived from the American Community Survey Public Use Microsample for NYC, augmented by NYC Opportunity to include imputed estimates for benefit participation and some household expenditures. For information on how the NYCgov poverty rate is constructed see http://www1.nyc.gov/site/opportunity/poverty-in-nyc/poverty-measure.page.    DISCLAIMER:</b> Do not use the visualization tool with this data set.  This data set is unweighted.  See “Read Me” page in data dictionary for correct use of person and household weights.  Visualizations generated from this file will result in incorrect distributions of the data.    For the list of all NYCgov Poverty Measure Data datasets available on the portal please use <a href=https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?tags=nycgov%20poverty%20measure&sortBy=alpha>this link.</a>
Resultados de elecciones para Alcaldía Municipal Candelaria Valle
Resultados de elecciones para Alcaldía de Candelaria según movimiento y partidos políticos.
2013-2014 School Quality Reports Results For Elementary, Middle and K-8 Schools
The Quality Review is a process that evaluates how well schools are organized to support student learning and teacher practice. It was developed to assist New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) schools in raising student achievement by looking behind a school’s performance statistics to ensure that the school is engaged in effective methods of accelerating student learning.
ADMITIDOS POR JORNADA 2018-2
Estudiantes admitidos para el periodo 2018-2 según jornada diurna, nocturna, extendida
UCR Part I Crime (Annual)
The UCR Program is a useful indicator of whether crime is increasing or decreasing. The graph below shows the number of Part 1 Crimes reported. Part 1 Crimes include: murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary, larceny, motor vehicle theft.
Registro De Obras por extranjeros en Colombia 1er semestre de 2017
Registro de obras protegidas por el derecho de autor realizado por extranjeros en Colombia durante el primer semestre de 2017
VDH-COVID-19-PublicUseDataset-EventDate
This data set includes the number of COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, and deaths for each health planning region in Virginia by event date and by case status. This data set was first published on May 01, 2020. When you download the data set, the dates will be sorted in ascending order, meaning that the earliest date will be at the top. To see data for the most recent date, please scroll down to the bottom of the data set.
2001 - 2013 Graduation Outcomes
New York City Department of Education 2001 - 2013 Graduation Outcomes. The New York State calculation method was first adopted for the Cohort of 2001(class of 2005). The cohort consists of all students who first entered 9th grade in a given school year. Graduates are defined as those students earning either a Local or Regents diploma.
Unclaimed Payroll Checks
Notice of Names of Persons Appearing to be Owners of Checks Issued by the City of Framingham, Which Have Not Been Cashed and are Deemed Abandoned.  If your name appears on this list you can submit a claim by contacting the City of Framingham Treasurer/Collector’s office.
Budget - 2018 Budget Ordinance - Positions and Salaries
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1, 2018.    This dataset displays the positions and related salaries detailed in the budget as of January 1. It is extracted from the personnel portion of the Appropriation Ordinance. The dataset presents the position titles (without names) and salaries described in the budget, but does not provide a reflection of the current city workforce with full names and salaries.    Disclaimer: the “Total Budgeted Units” column displays either A) the number of employees AND vacancies associated with a given position, or B) the number of budgeted units (ie. hours/months) for that position. “Position Control” determines whether Total Budgeted Units column will count employees and vacancies or hours/months. If a Position Control is 1, then employees and vacancies are displayed; if a Position Control is 0, then the total number of hours/months recorded is displayed.    For information on the current city workforce, with names, positions and salaries, visit the "Current Employee Names, Salaries, and Position Titles" dataset: https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/xzkq-xp2w.
Safer Streets
Data feeding into the ChattaData Safer Streets goals.
Directory Of Job Centers
List of Job Centers that offer temporary financial assistance, SNAP, and Medicaid to eligible individuals.
CONTRATOS CELEBRADOS VIGENCIA 2018 CONTRALORÍA GENERAL DEL CAUCA
Relación de contratos celebrados vigencia 2018 Contraloría General del Cauca
SERVICIO PÚBLICO DE TRANSPORTE COLECTIVO METROPOLITANO - VEHÍCULOS ACTIVOS
Capacidad transportadora, servicio público de transporte Colectivo, vehículos activos - Área Metropolitana de Bucaramanga
Mc Beth Recreation Center
Monthly events calendar for the Danny G. McBeth Recreation Center.  Programs and activities may also be listed.
2019 Police Departments and Total Employees
Data compiled from the FBI's 2017 dataset of department staffing levels and the 2019 LOC Data Police Survey.
Lista de Hoteles en Mocoa Putumayo
Este conjunto de datos contiene la lista de hoteles que prestan servicio en el Municipio de Mocoa
Five Year Summary By Citywide Category
Five year plan summary cost by citywide category.
2016-2017 Student Discipline Annual Report - LENGTH IN DAYS
Student discipline annual report aggregated by length in days  of removal, principal and/or superintendent intervention.
Iowa Local Option Sales Tax Receipts by Month and Location
This dataset contains monthly receipts of local option sales taxes in Iowa by location (incorporated communities and unincorporated areas). Local option sales taxes are collected on top of the state-wide sales tax applicable in all jurisdictions.  Not all communities in Iowa levy a local option sales tax.
Performance Year 2019 Medicare Shared Savings Program Accountable Care Organizations – Participants
The Medicare Shared Savings Program (Shared Savings Program) facilitates coordination among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries while reducing the growth in health care costs. Eligible providers, hospitals, and suppliers may apply to participate in the Shared Savings Program by creating or participating in an Accountable Care Organization (ACO).  DISCLAIMER: This information is current as of January 1, 2019. Changes to ACO information occur periodically. Each ACO has the most up-to-date information about their organization. Consider contacting the ACO for the latest information.
TASA POR USO DE AGUA AÑO 2016
CORPORACION AUTÓNOMA DE BOYACÁ CORPOBOYACÁ  REPORTE RESOLUCION 866 DE 2004  PERIODO: 01 enero 2016 a 24 mayo 2016
Oakland Bike Share Stations
Bay Wheels (previously Ford GoBike) bike share stations in Oakland. Last updated July 2019.
Feed the Future Northern Kenya Zone of Influence Survey Baseline - Household Members Dataset
Feed the Future seeks to reduce poverty and undernutrition in 19 developing countries including Kenya by focusing on accelerating growth of the agricultural sector, addressing root causes of undernutrition, and reducing gender inequality.  This baseline survey seeks to capture data on women’s empowerment in agriculture, household food security, consumption, nutrition, and wellbeing of households in the geographic areas targeted by Feed the Future interventions, known as Feed the Future Zones of Influence (ZOI). The ZOI in northern Kenya comprises nine counties and approximately two-thirds of Kenya’s total land area.  This dataset is the household roster file with one record per household member captured in Module C of the questionnaire (n=8,555, vars=35).
Cursos Bienestar por Actividad 2019-2
Actividades de bienestar en el periodo 2019-2
Ejecución Presupuestal del gasto de funcionamiento vigencia 2015 del Municipio de Santiago de Cali
Detalle de la ejecución presupuestal del gasto de funcionamiento de la vigencia 2015, por objeto del gasto del Municipio de Santiago de Cali
District III Specific Micoast Multimodal TrailMove Conceptual Plans from 30% Conceptual to 100% Construction Ready Documents
Multi Modal Measure K Performance
SFMTA-Enforced Temporary Tow Zones
Temporary no parking zones from Public Works, the Film Commission and SFMTA.
Form 700 Schedule B - Interests in Real Property
Interests in Real Property (including rental income) in the jurisdiction Link to Form 700 overview: http://www.fppc.ca.gov/Form700.html In this dataset the fields "incomeSources" and "loan_address" are redacted. This dataset contains records from Schedule B across all electronic Form 700 filings with the SFEC.  To see all the data from a specific filing, you should search all the datasets listed <a href="https://sfethics.org/disclosures/city-officer-disclosure/statement-of-economic-interests-city-officer-disclosure/data-statement-of-economic-interests">on this page</a> and filter by the filingId of the specific filing.
NOAA - Annual economic and societal benefits from Sea Grant activities as measured by economic benefits of businesses
New indicator for FY 2019.  This measure highlights change in jobs that communities or businesses generate or save due to Sea Grant assistance (i.e., providing information to help communities, industries or businesses expand, make better decisions or avoid mistakes). Sea Grant provides the information and training that informs business decisions, and in some cases firms create or sustain jobs as a result. A job created is a new position created and filled as a result of Sea Grant activities. An existing position that is filled with a Sea Grant-trained applicant should not be reported in this measure. A job sustained is an existing, filled position that is sustained as a direct result of Sea Grant activities. A job cannot be reported as both created and sustained in the same year.
Report Card Graduation 2014-15 to Most Recent Year
This file includes Report Card Graduation data for the 2014-15 school year through the most current year of graduation data available. This data is disaggregated by the school, district, and state levels and includes counts and graduation rates of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information and notes for downloading this data.
2014 Top 10 Indicators by Supervisorial District (2012)
2014 Top 10 Indicators by Supervisorial District (Data Yr 2012)
Arts Ed Collective Advancement Grants
The Advancement Grant Program offers flexible matching grants to support Los Angeles County school districts aiming to provide quality arts education for public school students. Grant funds assist school districts in achieving key action items in their district arts plans, helping districts invest in launching or expanding projects that align with priority goals, and cultivating skills and practices that can be sustained beyond the term of the grant. Districts may apply for matching funds of up to $25,000.
Zonificación Presupuesto Participativo de Sabaneta
Descubra la información de la zonificación del presupuesto participativo del Municipio de Sabaneta.  Conozca Estadísticas, Indicadores y Mapas de Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Mortalidad Suicidio 2010 A 2016
Mortalidad Suicidio de los años 2010 a 2016
Garrett County Full and Part Time Jobs By Industry: Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040
Total Jobs by Industry, Historic 2001 to 2013 and Projected 2015 to 2040 in Garrett County by Industry and by Place of Work
Estructura empresarial según Centro Regional/Municipio y tamaño de empresa 2019
Estructura empresarial según Centro Regional/Municipio y tamaño de empresa 2019
Procesos de evaluación UTS
Procesos de evaluación Unidades Tecnológicas de Santander
Plus 1 Funding Source
The City of Austin's Plus 1 Fund provides emergency utility bill financial assistance to customers experiencing extreme hardships such as medical illness or sudden job loss. In 2009 the City of Austin doubled to $300,000 the amount of funding made available annually for this program. Beginning in fiscal year 2009, City of Austin employees were given the option to donate to the Plus 1 Fund through the City's annual Combined Charities Campaign which raises money for local and regional charitable groups. Additionally, utility customers have the option to donate to the Plus 1 Fund when they make their monthly utility bill payments. Plus 1 funding is distributed to customers by more than a dozen social service agencies including Travis County Family Services and Meals on Wheels.
Concejales del Municipio de Hobo
Lista de los concejales del municipio de Hobo (Huila)
Medicare Hospital Spending By Claim Utah Providers
Also known as Medicare Spending per Beneficiary (MSPB) Spending Breakdowns by Claim Type file. The data displayed here show average spending levels during hospitals’ Medicare Spending per Beneficiary (MSPB) episodes. An MSPB episode includes all Medicare Part A and Part B claims paid during the period from 3 days prior to a hospital admission through 30 days after discharge. These average Medicare payment amounts have been price-standardized to remove the effect of geographic payment differences and add-on payments for indirect medical education (IME) and disproportionate share hospitals (DSH). CMS uses the information on this webpage to calculate a hospital’s MSPB Measure value, which is reported on Hospital Compare. Specifically, the MSPB Measure methodology risk-adjusts the values on this webpage to account for beneficiary age and severity of illness. This data set provides the pre-risk-adjusted values to help the public understand the MSPB Measure and its composition.
CPS 2.4 Children In Legal Responsibility on August 31 by Legal Status and Average Days in Care FY2010-2019
Children in DFPS custody are those for whom a court has appointed DFPS legal responsibility through temporary or permanent managing conservatorship or other court ordered legal basis.  This chart includes any child in DFPS custody on August 31 of the fiscal year.   A description of the different types of legal statuses is in the CPS glossary: http://www.dfps.state.tx.us/About_DFPS/Data_Book/Child_Protective_Services/Resources/glossary.asp  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on Children In Legal Responsibility and all DFPS programs.
MATRICULADOS TOTALES POR DEPTO DE RESIDENCIA 2018-2
Matriculados totales identificando en que departamento residen
Downtown Austin Community Court (DACC) FY 2019 Caseload Information
Displays FY 2019 issued citation offenses in DACC jurisdiction for informational purposes
Administrativo por formación académica 2019-2
Formación académica de los administrativos por contrato en el periodo 2019-2
County/Metro Indicator - Access to Health Professionals
Numerator: Medical Board of California, Annual Reports (2007-2008, 2008-2009, 2009-2010, 2010-2011, 2011-2012, 2012-2013, 2013-2014, 2014-2015, 2015-2016,2016-2017).  http://www.mbc.ca.gov/Publications/Annual_Reports/ Denominator: U.S. Census Bureau, American Community Survey 1-Year Summary Estimates (2007-2017), Table B01001. https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/17_1YR/B01001/0100000US|0400000US06|0500000US06071
Mello-Roos
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by community facilities districts.
Estudiantes por Etnia
Consolidación del total de estudiantes matriculados por etnia y semestre para la vigencia 2014.
Total Permanent Supportive Housing towards 2018 Goal
These Permanent Supportive Housing units count towards the 400-unit goal resolution (Resolution 20141002-043) passed October 2014 - therefore, there is no data from before then.
Estudiantes nuevos, semestre II DEL 2015 - UPTC
Informacion sobre los estudiantes nuevos en el segundo semestre del 2015
INDICE DE INFORMACION CLASIFICADA, RESERVADA- IICR San Juan de Arama
Este conjunto de datos contiene el Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada - IICR
Location Of European Wasps Nests (2006-2012)
Suburbs in which European Wasps Nests have been found. This dataset is for historical purposes and will not have any further updates.
Percentage of Tax Cap Levy Rates Utah Libraries 2011
The following data was provided by the Utah Tax Commission with additional calculations and reformatting done by the Utah State Library.
Austin Schools Rated as Improvement Required
Austin high schools, middle schools and elementary schools rated as "improvement required" by the Texas Education Agency for years 2013 to 2017.
Master Registered Tournament List
Master Registered Tournament List for 2016
Breast Cancer 2005-2009
The ZIP Code lists show the number of people who developed the specific type of cancer while living in the ZIP Code area between 2005 and 2009. The lists also show the number of people who might have been expected to get cancer in that time period, based on the size of the population of the ZIP Code. For more info, see http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/cancer/registry/zipcode/faq.htm
Vendor Payments Calendar Year 2012
A data set of all payments made to vendors in 2011. Checkbook level data. When analyzing this data be aware that the sum amount and voucher are unique amounts, the payment amount is the total of a check. A check often includes more than one voucher. As a result of the Red Flag Commission recommendations, Ordinance 970032 was passed by the City Council Jan. 23, 1997. This ordinance requires the city to publish a report every two weeks listing all city payments.
Puntos Vive Digital del Departamento del Atlántico
Listado de los Puntos Vive Digital del departamento del Atlántico
2017 - State Agencies Expenditures Report - v2
Expenditures for state agencies for the fiscal year 2017, are sorted in this dataset by agency number. For more information visit the Oregon Transparency website. https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/expenditures.aspx.
Statewide Food Est List11-2011
Statewide dbase as of the end of 2011. all of the permitted Food Establishments.  These include everything from Restaurants, take out, Fast-food, Convenience stores, Mom and Pop Markets, shave ice stands, supermarkets, Mega markets like Costco-Sam’s-Walmart, lunch wagons, food manufacturers, etc
South West-Small-Business-Data
Data provided by the Community & Small Business Development Division of Development Services. Updated Annually.
Plan Attributes PUF - 2018
The Plan Attributes PUF (Plan-PUF) is one of the files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The Plan-PUF contains plan-level data on maximum out of pocket payments, deductibles, cost sharing, health savings account (HSA) eligibility, formulary ID, and other plan attributes. These data either originate from the Plans & Benefits template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated). The issuer can also import data created in other templates (e.g., Network IDs from the Network ID template, Service Area IDs from the Service Area template, and Formulary IDs from the Prescription Drug template) to use as allowable values for the applicable fields in the Plans & Benefits template, or enter these values manually.
Entrega y Retoma
Entrega y Retoma
EWDD - Day Labor Program
The Day Labor program, funded through CDBG, provides short-term employment and support services to unemployed Angelenos.  Goals for the program are established by federal regulations and local measures.
2015 - 2016 School Closure Discharge Reporting Borough AGE
New York City public schools closed for poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 043
DOP Adult Supervision Passthrough by Fiscal Year
The sum of: the number of cases on the first day of the reporting period, plus all cases added during the reporting period.
Green Jobs - Green New York (GJGNY) Residential Loan Portfolio:  Beginning November 2010
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.    The dataset represents information on the performance of the portfolio of loans issued through the GJGNY Residential Loan Fund. The loan performance results of the GJGNY portfolio have shown strong performance to date, with lower levels of delinquencies and defaults/losses than other consumer loan asset classes. This performance data is useful to lender/capital providers, rating agencies, researchers, and interested stakeholders to assist in anticipating performance results for their-party financing products aimed at consumer clean energy financing. Users can access an Interactive Dashboard with charts, graphs, and tables at https://nyserda.ny.gov/Researchers-and-Policymakers/Green-Jobs-Green-New-York/Data-and-Trends
Establecimientos de Comercio Activos Armenia
Tenga en cuenta que la información contenida en la base de datos ha sido obtenida por esta Cámara con ocasión a la función registral prevista en el Decreto 1074 de 2015, el cual dispone que las Cámaras de Comercio tienen dentro de sus funciones, llevar los registros públicos encomendados a ellas por la ley y certificar sobre los actos y documentos allí inscritos. Así mismo, la producción de bases de datos, se encuentra amparada en las funciones asignadas por la ley a las Cámaras, las cuales nos permiten prestar servicios de información empresarial.  Todos los datos contenidos en el archivo entregado, tienen la calidad de datos públicos, en los términos definidos por el numeral 2.2.2.25.1.3. del Decreto 1074 de 2015 y no han requerido autorización previa por parte del titular para su tratamiento debido a su naturaleza pública.  Recuerde que una vez nuestra entidad le hace entrega de esta base de datos, se origina una nueva base de datos para quien la adquiere, convirtiéndolo a usted en responsable de la información conforme lo dispuesto en la Ley 1581 de 2012 (Ley de Protección de datos personales), quedando obligado a las disposiciones allí contenidas para todos sus efectos.
Miembros del Concejo Municipal de Zona Bananera (Magdalena)
Nombre y partido político de los concejales actuales del municipio Zona Bananera del Departamento del Magdalena.
Muni Simple Routes
A. SUMMARY Current Muni routes for simple cartographic and spatial analyses.  B. METHODOLOGY  Route data is exported from the Trapeze scheduling system and filtered only for full length patterns.    C. UPDATE FREQUENCY   Updated by “Sign-up”, when transit system changes are put into effect. Updates range from every 3-6 months.   D. OTHER CRITICAL INFO   Inbound and Outbound route lines are included and represented with separate polylines for each route. Route numbers 59, 60, 61 are all Cable Car routes.
Superservicios-B1_Informacion_de_ductos_GLP
Información de ductos
CT_CTAL_Demo_Gender
This data represents the gender of clients served via digital literacy classes and workshops.
Datos de Austeridad por Entidad y Concepto
Este conjunto de datos fuente #1 contiene los datos de SIIF Nación del Ministerio de Hacienda de los rubros requeridos en la directiva de austeridad presidencial 09 de 2018 de todas las entidades de la rama ejecutiva con los que se cargan los datos  de la herramienta  austeridad.gov.co "Informe de Austeridad Directiva Presidencial"  en cumplimiento de la directiva presidencial 9 de 2018 http://es.presidencia.gov.co/normativa/normativa/DIRECTIVA%20PRESIDENCIAL%20N%C2%B0%2009%20DEL%2009%20DE%20NOVIEMBRE%20DE%202018.pdf
Safe Drinking Water Programs
Loans and grants from the Safe Drinking Water loan programs made in Fiscal Years 2019-2020 under ORS 285A.213. Safe Drinking Water loan programs fund drinking water system improvements needed to maintain compliance with the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act. For more information visit https://www.orinfrastructure.org/Infrastructure-Programs/SDW/
Estudiantes por programa por modalidad
Estudiantes inscritos, admitidos, matriculados primera vez y matriculados totales por programa y por modalidad
2017 - 2018 November2017 Avg Class Size District MSHS - Open Data Portal
MSHA Class Size Report - Aggregated by Districts
Neighbourhoods (Urban Service Area)
This data represents corporately recognized boundaries of neighbourhoods (boundary, name, source and primary land use) in the urban service area of Strathcona County.
WRIA Stations
Water Resource Inventory Area Stations in washington state. This data set is used in conjunction with the "Water Quality Index Scores" data set to produce the water quality tables in the bi-annual state of salmon report (stateofsalmon.wa.gov)
DYCD after-school programs: Health Stat
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site, that offer Neighborhood Development Area (NDA) “Health Stat” after-school Family Support Programs. - Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD).
Open Data Planning Compliance
OCIO policy 187 requires agencies to adopt open data plans annually. This table identifies the plans received by OCIO.
2014 Census - Population By Mode Of Transportation (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Spirit of East Austin – “I Commit To…” Statements from Event Participants
Spirit of East Austin participants were asked to write down a commitment to stay engaged in this initiative.
WPDx+
This is an enhanced version of WPDx
Banco de empleo del   Municipio  De Chia  2018
Información estadística Banco de empleo del   Municipio  De Chia  2018
KSD Apprenticeship Utilization
Apprenticeship Utilization data for Kennewick School District Projects.
Utah Libraries Dataset FY2008
The following datasets and tables correspond to the data elements reported in the annual Public Library Service – PLS (formerly the Federal State Cooperative System [FSCS] for Public Library Data) survey published by the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS). These data elements are a sub-set of the “Statistical Annual Report of Public Library Services” survey administered by the Utah State Library Division.
Icetex Presupuesto_2012
Rendición de Cuentas - Ejecución presupuestal de la vigencia 2012 por rubro
Police Department Service Calls and Response Times
Total number of service calls per 1,000 residents and the average response times for priority calls
Average Annual Number Of Cases Of Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome Utah
Average Annual Number Of Cases Of Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome Utah
Nacimientos en el Archipiélago por Nivel Académico de la Madre
Numero mensual de nacimientos en el Archipiélago de San Andrés, Providencia y Santa Catalina por nivel academico de la madre
Boundaries - Special Service Areas (deprecated January 2020)
OUTDATED. See the current data at https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/kjav-iyuj -- Special Service Areas (SSA) boundaries in Chicago. The Special Service Area program is a mechanism used to fund expanded services and programs through a localized property tax levy within contiguous industrial, commercial and residential areas. The enhanced services and programs are in addition to services and programs currently provided through the city. SSA-funded projects could include, but are not limited to, security services, area marketing and advertising assistance, promotional activities such as parades and festivals, or any variety of small scale capital improvements that could be supported through a modest property tax levy.  This dataset is in a forma​​t for spatial datasets that is inherently tabular but allows for a map as a derived view. Please click the indicated link below for such a map.  To export the data in either tabular or geographic format, please use the Export button on this dataset.
Crude Oil Production In Utah 25 Largest Fields T3.8 2005
Crude Oil Production In Utah 25 Largest Fields T3.8 2005
Benefits Utilization by Program and Minority Status: 2014
<p>This dataset contains information on minority veteran healthcare usage, educational attainment, unemployment rates, median income, and projected population figures.</p>
Queen Anne's County Hotel Tax Receipts - FY2021 to Date
Hotel taxes received FY2021 to date.  Five percent of room rate.
Business Services - Discounted Rate Mailing
The percent of outgoing mail that is billed at a discounted rate. Examples of full rate mail are handwritten addresses and foreign addresses. Mail that is not USPS compliant is billed at the full rate and does not qualify for a discount. The discounts vary based on the type of mail, but the goal is to not pay full rate.
Street Construction Permits - Fee
DOT issues over 150 different types of sidewalk and roadway construction permits to utilities, contractors, government agencies and homeowners. Permits cover activities such as street openings, sidewalk construction and installing canopies over sidewalks.    Many permits have costs. One permit may have multiple costs applied to it.
2014 Census - Population By Structure Type And Length Of Residence (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2014.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Mapa Escenarios Culturales en el Municipio de Sabaneta
Conozca la ubicación de los escenarios culturales en Sabaneta. consulte: www.otsabaneta.org
Waste Management Services - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the May Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=310&t=1. Open from May 11 - 19, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2,709 Insight Community Members. 1115 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1210 respondents completed the survey: 1115 Insight Community Members and 95 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Evanston Police Department Arrests
Number of arrests in 2018.
Alameda County Emergency Department Visits, 2012-2014
Data for Alameda County and constituent zip codes. Because of low counts and stability concerns, some data are suppressed; these have a -1 in place of the data. Most data are for the primary diagnosis, while those that are titled 'Related' are from the primary and first four associated diagnoses. From the Community Assessment, Planning, and Evaluation unit of the Alameda County Public Health Department, with data from the California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development.
Población Afiliada al Regimen Subsidiado por EPS en el Departamento del Atlántico
Es información registrada en la Base Unica de Afiliados - BDUA
Directorio De Instituciones Educativas Públicas Municipio De Envigado
Ubicación e información de cada uno de las instituciones educativas públicas del Municipio de Envigado
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Time Allocation
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
150- FY19-Proposed Performance Metrics, Obj. 3.1
Percent of homicide cases closed.
Feed the Future Mozambique Baseline Population Survey, WEAI Time Allocated to Activities
The Mozambique Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in two provinces, Zambizia and Nampula. These areas were selected based on national estimates that indicate that the incidence of poverty, malnutrition, and stunting among children less than five years of age is disproportionately high. These provinces are adjacent to three of the country's main trade corridors: Nacala (linking Mozambique to Malawi and Zambia), Beira (linking Mozambique to Zimbabwe), and the N1 (key North-South road connecting Nacala and Beira corridors).  This dataset is the first of two datasets needed to calculate the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-related measures.
Tax Refunds By Month
Refunds of Tax Overpayments by the Department of Revenue Services
Dallas Police Active Calls
Disclaimer  - The calls listed here are only those where the element assigned to the call has arrived and is currently working the call.   It does not include any calls for service, whether currently being worked or not, that are not releasable due to privacy laws.
Plan de compras y contratación 2017 ESSA
Plan de compras y contratación para el año  2017 ESSA
2012-13 Discharge Reporting Students with Disabilities - MS
This report provides data regarding students enrolled in New York City schools during the 2012-2013 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/042. Consistent with other school-year reporting, these results include students enrolled and events that occurred between October 26, 2012 and July 1, 2013.  Prior to October 26th, 15,552 students transferred between New York City schools, 4,758 students were discharged outside of NYC schools, and 3,592 students dropped out or were discharged under other codes.
Report Of Registration - State Reporting Districts-2
Registered voters for various political parties grouped by political sub divisions/districts
Actualizacion Funcionarios de Planta Gobernacion del Quindio
Se actualizan los nombres y funciones de los funcionarios actuales de planta de la Gobernacion del Quindio
E-Government Service Portfolio - OSCIO
Services provided by the Office of the State CIO, E-Government Program for state of Oregon departments, boards, commissions, offices and branches of government.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS073
Driver Feedback Sign DFS073  Latitude: 53.518169 Longitude: -113.475383  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Servicios de Salud - Red de Salud del Oriente (Cali - Valle) 2020 Ver1
La información presentada muestra los servicios de salud que se prestan en todas las sedes que componen la Red de Salud del Oriente de Cali - Valle del Cauca.
ENERGY STAR Certified Commercial Clothes Washers
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 8.0 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Clothes Washers that are effective as of February 5, 2018. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/appliances/clothes_washers/key_product_criteria.
Spending Disclosure - Fiscal Year 2011
The purpose of this Spending Disclosure FY11 dataset is to allow the public to search and view summary information on payments made to recipients (referred to as suppliers) that received $25,000 or more in a fiscal year. Note that salary and benefit payments to employees, pension payments to retirees, and any information that is confidential under State or Federal law is excluded from disclosure.
Patient Survey (PCH - HCAHPS) PPS-exempt Cancer Hospital – National
A list of hospital ratings for the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS). HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
Sitios Turísticos Municipio de San Pablo Nariño
Información Básica de los sitios turístticos del municipio de San Pablo Nariño.
NNDSS - Table III. Tuberculosis
NNDSS - Table III. Tuberculosis - 2017.This Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States will exclude counts from US territories.  Footnote: C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Min: Minimum.    Max: Maximum. * Case counts for reporting year 2016 and 2017 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf Data for TB are displayed quarterly.
Esquema de publicación de información 2019
Instrumento para informar de forma ordenada a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014.
World Bank Program Budget and All Funds FY15-FY20
The World Bank Program Budget and All Funds represent the administrative budget for Bank Budget (BB) funds, Trust Funds, and Reimbursable Funds.  BB funds are authorized by the World Bank's Board of Directors.  Trust Funds are financing arrangements set up with contributions from one or more donors (and in some cases from the World Bank Group too) to support development-related activities.  Reimbursable Funds represent revenues generated by the World Bank (WB) when costs incurred by the WB are reimbursed by clients, donors, or others for operational and administrative services provided to clients and/or for sharing administrative costs based on negotiated cost-sharing arrangements.  The World Bank Program Budget is aligned with World Bank Group goals through the strategic planning, budgeting, and performance review (W) process. The W process is a dynamic arrangement to set institutional priorities in response to global and country level client demand, and align available resources accordingly.   FY15-FY19 data presented is based on the "Program Cost Summary" found within the Annex of each World Bank Budget paper. Data for each fiscal year is presented at the aggregate World Bank program group level, and then itemized by major work program within each unit in the World Bank. Based on the Public Disclosure of the Budget Documents, which have been edited to remove potentially confidential and market-sensitive information.  WB Budget - BB presents the approved World Bank Budget. WB Budget - All Funds presents the approved World Bank Budget and External Funds (reimbursables and Bank-Executed Trust Funds).  FY18 budget includes certain non-salary staff costs in program budgets that up to FY17 were included in Centrally Managed Accounts & Miscellaneous Programs.  To access the FY20 World Bank Budget for Public Disclosure please see: http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/703751569031298844/FY20-World-Bank-Budget
CorStat - Corona Operating Budget RV
Corona Operating Budget RV - Revenues Dataset ID
Campaign Finance - FPPC Form 460 - Schedule F - Accrued Expenses (Unpaid Bills)
This dataset includes all itemized accrued expenses ($100 or more) e-filed on Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) Form 460 Schedule "F" Accrued Expenses (Unpaid Bills) from 2011 to the present.    The data is current as of the last modified date on this dataset.    See the data key for column definitions:  https://data.sfgov.org/Ethics/Campaign-Finance-Data-Key/wygs-cc76
COBERTURA SERVICIO DE ACUEDUCTO DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2018
COBERTURA DEL SERVICIO DE ACUEDUCTO EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2018.
Expenditures: ESD: South Coast: Fiscal Year 2014
Expenditures for South Coast ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
Estudiantes Universidad del Quindio
Datos de estudiantes inscritos, admitidos, matriculados primera vez y matriculados totales con las variables de genero, estrato, departamento de procedencia, colegio de procedencia, eps y otras.
Histórico de trámites de Movilidad, Tránsito y Transporte en Sabaneta
Presenta la información histórico de trámites de Movilidad, Tránsito y Transporte por tipo, en el municipio de sabaneta  Conozca estadísticas, indicadores y mapas sobre Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
SC All Judges, Total Defendants in Jail
This dataset contains a monthly record of how many defendants are in jail on Superior Court Criminal cases. It counts each defendant in jail once, using the dataset https://sharefulton.fultoncountyga.gov/Government/Superior-Court-Defendants-in-Jail/raqb-js7j. This data contains the current days count, as well as one datapoint from the last day of each previous month, starting 2019-01-01.
Population within HQTA 2012, 2017, 2040
High Quality Transit Areas (HQTAs) are defined as being within 1/2-mile of fixed guideway transit and/ or bus rapid transit stations with service every 15 minutes or less during peak commute times. SCAG published two shapefiles of (HQTAs): one for actual HQTAs in 2012, and one for planned HQTAs in 2040.   Population living in high quality transit areas was calculated by race and ethnicity of all people living within HQTAs using ArcGIS in both 2012 and 2040 based on 2017 population figures.
Icetex Becas Vigentes
Becas ofrecidas para estudios de nivel de pregrado y posgrado presenciales o virtuales para fortalecer la formación académica en exterior para ciudadanos Colombianos
Road Surface Treatment Projects in Colorado 2016
Road surface treatment planned (estimated) from 2017 through 2020 on highways in Colorado, from the Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT).
Campaign Finance - Individual Expenditure Ceilings (IEC)
This table provides information about the Individual Expenditure Ceilings (IEC) for Board of Supervisors and Mayoral candidates. Only candidates who have been certified as eligible to receive public funds are bound by an Individual Expenditure Ceiling (IEC). Each publicly financed BOS candidate's IEC begins at $250,000 and may be raised in increments of $50,000. Each publicly financed Mayoral candidate's IEC begins at $1,475,000 and may be raised in increments of $250,000.
Salt Lake County Crime Data 2012
Salt Lake County Crime Data 2012
Dependencias Alcaldía Municipio de Villa del Rosario 2017
Fuente: Oficina Jurídica y de Personal
NNDSS - Table 1B. Arboviral diseases, neuroinvasive and non-neuroinvasive, Jamestown Canyon virus disease to Powassan virus disease
NNDSS - Table 1B. Arboviral diseases, neuroinvasive and non-neuroinvasive, Jamestown Canyon virus disease to Powassan virus disease - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
NHCD Blueprint Goal: Assist 600 low-income households per year with home repair programs with the objective to help preserve existing housing stock
Home rehabilitation programs offer grants or forgivable loans to ensure low- and moderate-income households are safe and healthy by repairing foundations, roofing, plumbing, electrical, drywall, HVAC, and other structural improvements. Rehabilitation programs not only ensure their homes are safe, functional, and accessible but allows Austinites to stay in their homes, instead of selling or moving because they can not afford the repairs. The five programs include: Architectural Barrier Removal Program (Homeowner and Rental), GO Repair Grant Program, Home Rehabilitation Loan Program, and Minor Home Repair Grant Program.
Census - Percentage of key data products for Census Bureau programs released on time to support effective decision-making of policymakers, businesses, and the public
The Census Bureau has initiated two enterprise programs focused on establishing shared services, minimizing redundancy, lowering complexity, and identifying cost savings for data collection, processing, and dissemination.
Parcels with overlay attributes
<strong>A. SUMMARY</strong> This dataset is derived from <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/Geographic-Locations-and-Boundaries/Parcels-Active-and-Retired/acdm-wktn">parcels</a> and several other overlay administrative boundaries (listed below). The dataset was developed by DataSF as a convenience for matching parcels to districts where appropriate. This can be simpler than running a geospatial process every time you want to join parcels to a boundary. The districts provided here run along streets and are non-overlapping so that the parcels will be contained within a single district.  The boundaries included are: 1. <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/Geographic-Locations-and-Boundaries/Analysis-Neighborhoods/p5b7-5n3h">Analysis Neighborhoods</a> 2. <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/Geographic-Locations-and-Boundaries/Current-Supervisor-Districts/8nkz-x4ny">Supervisor Districts</a> 3. <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/Public-Safety/Current-Police-Districts/wkhw-cjsf">Police Districts</a> 4. <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/Geographic-Locations-and-Boundaries/Planning-Districts/ttns-6zj3">Planning Districts</a>  <strong>B. HOW THE DATASET IS CREATED</strong> A script runs daily that overlays parcels with each of the boundaries to produce the composite dataset.  <strong>C. UPDATE PROCESS</strong> Updated daily by a script based on the upstream parcels dataset which is also updated daily.  <strong>D. HOW TO USE THIS DATASET</strong> You can use this dataset to match to administrative districts provided here to datasets that contain a parcel number. This can be a simpler process than running these joins spatially.   In short, we pre-process the spatial overlays to make joins simpler and more performant.
ESQUEMA DE PUBLICACIÓN DE INFORMACIÓN
Esquema de publicación de información en la página  de Unibac
Street Weekly Resurfacing Schedule - Manhattan
Manhattan Milling and Paving Schedule
Directorio Institucional Guateque
Directorio Directorio Institucional Alcaldía de Guateque-Boyaca.
Indicator 12: Unfunded Liabilities
Data set shows unfunded liabilities for sick and vacation leave for both governmental  and business type activities for the City of Franklin, TN.  Source: 2008-2015 Comprehensive Annual Fiscal Reports, City of Franklin, TN.
Número de deportistas por escuelas de formación IDEFLORIDA 2018
Encontrarás en este documento el número de deportistas por escuela de formación a corte de 31 de diciembre de 2018. Esta información nos permite determinar la población que esta siendo alcanzada por deporte.
Enfermedades trasmisibles  Municipio De Pasto a 10-10-2017
Eventos trasmisibles de acuerdo a clasificación del Instituto Nacional de Salud con residencia Pasto Segundo Semestre 2017
2015 2016 Student Discipline Annual Report - GENDER
Student Discipline Annual Report - GENDER
Tweets-fourth VCC
Twitter analysis of the fourth ACT Virtual Community Cabinet, held on 12 June 2012.
2015 QHP Landscape NM Individual Market Dental
For instructions on how to read and use this data, visit: https://data.healthcare.gov/download/57n9-x7ym/application/pdf
Sitios de Interés Ortega Tolima
Contiene datos de contacto de los sitios de interés del Municipio de Ortega Tolima
School Parking Zones
Locations of the Calgary Parking Authority School Parking Zones.
Prostate Cancer Death Rate (per 100,000 males), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of deaths due to prostate cancer per 100,000 male population.      Definition:  Number of deaths per 100,000 males with malignant neoplasm (cancer) of the prostate as the underlying cause of death (ICD-10 code: C61).      Data Sources:      (1)  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. Compressed Mortality File. CDC WONDER On-line Database accessed at http://wonder.cdc.gov/cmf-icd10.html    (2) Death Certificate Database, Office of Vital Statistics and Registry, New Jersey Department of Health    (3) Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
CLUBES DEPORTIVOS DE YOPAL
Listado de Clubes Deportivos de Yopal
Cedar River N and C Isotopes 20002001
InPort Dataset ID: 17861 InPort Entity ID: 36827 These data consist of natural abundance levels of C and N stable isotopes in periphyton, in-stream leaf detritus, leaves of riparian plants, benthic invertebrates, and resident fish collected from multiple locations from the main stem Cedar River, and tributaries including Rock and Taylor creeks. Data were collected in 2000 and 2001 to establish baseline conditions before reintroduction of Pacific salmon in 2003.  Data were analyzed at the University of Georgia Stable Isotope Facility.
County HUD Data 2009
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents, summarized at the county level.
Listado De Curacas
Los Usos, localización e identificación de los Resguardos Indígenas que se encuentran en el Municipio son:  Resguardos Indígenas pertenecientes a la Asociación Zonal de Concejo de Autoridades Indígenas de Tradición Autóctona – AZCAITA.  Resguardos indígenas pertenecientes a la asociación de cabildos indígenas del trapecio amazónico  – ACITAM.
1850P IT Security Training
"Completion of Annual IT Security Training Countywide"
Evaluación de Tierras con fines Agrícolas para el cultivo de Quinua (Chenopodium quinoa W.), en el departamento de Nariño.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Nariño a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 222 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Universidad de Nariño. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de quinua. Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de quinua.
Draft State Facility Permits
Owners or operators of emission sources that are subject to 6 NYCRR Subpart 201-5 must obtain a State facility permit.      Draft permits are official versions of permits whose initial development is complete, public notice given, and made available for public review and comment.      These permits are prepared by the Division of Air Resources regional staff.
MANTENIMIENTO DE VÍAS CON ASFALTITA MUNICIPIO DE CHIA 2019
MANTENIMIENTO DE VIA
PLANES COMUNITARIOS DE GESTIÓN DEL RIESGO BARRANQUILLA
La Oficina de Gestión del Riesgo del Distrito de Barranquilla en su continuo proceso de fortalecimiento del Sistema Nacional y Local Para la Gestión del Riesgo y de conformidad a lo establecido en la Ley 1523 de 2012, viene ejecutando acciones tendientes a promover la participación activa y permanente de los diferentes sectores de la comunidad con actividades de prevención, sensibilización, organización y atención de las emergencias y desastres, con el objeto de generar la movilización social para reducir el riesgo y con ellos los desastres. Por lo anterior y en cumplimiento a la ejecución de los planes, políticas y proyectos trazados se ha estructurado el documento denominado Planes Comunitarios en Gestión del Riesgo, identificados con la sigla P.C.G.R.D. que busca orientar a las comunidades y autoridades locales en las acciones de conocimiento del riesgo, reducción del riesgo y manejo de desastres, para anticiparnos a la ocurrencia de desastres y favorecer a las comunidades expuestas ante amenazas de origen natural, socionatural, humano no intencional, tecnológico, biosanitario.
FY2014 MI Business Development Program Report
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/FY2014-Business-Development-Program/FY2014-Business-Development-Program-Report/r5hg-r2wf
Feed the Future Senegal: Yaajeende Sanitation Data
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact that the Feed the Future Nutrition-led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal (known as "Yaajeende") has had on reducing malnutrition and poverty in its intervention area.    This report details the findings, conclusions and recommendations of a mixed-methods quasi-experimental final impact evaluation (FIE) of the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) $50 million, seven-year Feed the Future Nutrition-Led Agriculture Project for Food Security in Senegal, known as “Yaajeende.” The National Cooperative Business Association’s Cooperative League of the USA (NCBA CLUSA) implemented the project. To combat poverty and child malnutrition, Yaajeende sought to accelerate the participation of the very poor in rural economic growth and improve the four dimensions of food security: availability, access, utilization and stability. Yaajeende worked in 790 villages across 49 municipalities (“communes” in French) and nine departments in the Matam, Tambacounda, Kédougou and Kolda regions. The project’s implementation period was November 1, 2010, to September 30, 2017.    The FIE aims to provide USAID with an evidence base on the impacts of the nutrition-led agriculture (NLA) approach that the project utilized on its key objectives, including reduced poverty and malnutrition. The findings are expected to provide accountability and learning value to USAID, including both the Senegal Mission and USAID/Feed the Future. Additional stakeholders include the Government of Senegal, implementing partners and other agencies, donors and practitioners active in nutrition, health, agriculture and integrated sectors.
Cadena Productiva Petróleo - Regalias por Campo
La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades.  Las regalías son la contraprestación económica a favor del Estado por la explotación de recursos no renovables, como petróleo y gas, que se le otorgan a departamentos y municipios en cuyo territorio se adelantan explotaciones, y a los puertos por donde se transportan dichos recursos. Se incluyen los datos de producción de petróleo y regalías, clasificados por departamento, municipio, contrato y campo durante el año 2018. Periodo 2018-enero hasta 2018-junio. Seis (6) ciclos.
Juab County Sheriff Police Crime Data
Juab County Sheriff Police and crime data
INSCRITOS POR MODALIDAD 2018-2
Inscritos en las modalidades de pregrado o postgrado en la Universidad del Quindio para el periodo 2018-2
Austin Code NEXT SWOT Analysis FINAL 4-27-2018
This table contains a detailed SWOT analysis highlighting strengths, challenges, and specific recommendations to strengthen the draft of the code.
Más Jóvenes en el Estado
Información relacionada con la vinculación y contratación de jóvenes en el Estado que permite caracterizar a los jóvenes entre 18 y 28 años que han sido vinculados y contratados en el Estado y dar cumplimiento al Decreto 2365 de 2019, al artículo 196 de la Ley 1955 de 2019 y a la Directiva Presidencial 01 de 2020, la circular conjunta 100-002 de 2020, que promueven la vinculación de jóvenes en el Estado colombiano.
Vacunación de caninos y felinos en el valle del cauca año 2020
Vacunación de caninos y felinos en el valle del cauca correspondiente al periodo enero a agosto del año 2020
Environmental Monitoring Results for Radioactivity: Air Samples
-	 Reporting units of sample results [where 1 picoCurie (pCi) = 1 trillionth (1E-12) Curie (Ci)]: •	Air Samples are reported in pCi/m&#179;.  -	Data Quality Disclaimer: This database is for informational use and is not a controlled quality database.  Efforts have been made to ensure accuracy of data in the database; however, errors and omissions may occur.   Examples of potential errors include: •	Data entry errors. •	Lab results not reported for entry into the database. •	Missing results due to equipment failure or unable to retrieve samples due to lost or environmental hazards. •	Translation errors – the data has been migrated to newer data platforms numerous times, and each time there have been errors and data losses.  -  Error results are the calculated uncertainty for the sample measurement results and are reported as +/-.  -	Environmental Sample Records are from the year 1998 until present.  Prior to 1998 results were stored in hardcopy, in a non-database format.  Requests for results from samples taken prior to 1998 or results subject to quality assurance are available from archived records and can be made through the DEEP Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) administrator at deep.foia@ct.gov. Information on  FOIA requests can be found on the DEEP website.     FOIA Administrator Office of the Commissioner Department of Energy and Environmental Protection 79 Elm Street, 3rd Floor Hartford, CT 06106
Davis County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014
This data set contains the Geographic Variation Public Use File from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. This data file contains demographic, spending, utilization and quality indicators for Davis County.
DWP - Power Sourced From Coal Chart
In March 2013, the LADWP Board approved a contract that will enable LADWP to completely transition out of coal power. Through these actions, the City of Los Angeles became the first major city in the United States to commit to becoming coal free. More information: https://www.ladwp.com/ladwp/faces/ladwp/aboutus/a-power/a-p-renewableenergy?_adf.ctrl-state=1cnzdaglow_191&_afrLoop=46545720898498
The Percent of Estimated Eligible Uninsured People for Outreach Targeting
The Percent of Estimated Eligible Uninsured People for Outreach Targeting
Primarily Charitable Organizations Eligible for Property Tax Relief
This file contains a list of organizations that have been issued a determination letter and are therefore eligible to apply for local property tax exemptions.
SAT District Participation and Performance: 2012-2013
This dataset contains data by district on student SAT scores relative to the SAT College and Career Readiness (CCR) Benchmark score of 1550 (critical reading, mathematics and writing sections combined) for the graduating classes of 2012 and 2013.  According to research conducted by the College Board*, a score of 1550 indicates that a student will have a 65 percent or greater likelihood of achieving a B- average or higher during the first year of college.    This dataset also provides an estimated SAT Participation Rate, which equals the number of SAT test-taking seniors in the district divided by the number of seniors enrolled in the district, as a percentage.  These participation rates are considered an estimate because the grade level of the SAT test-taker is self-reported by the student at the time of registration for the SAT while the total number of seniors enrolled in the district is reported to the Connecticut State Department of Education (CSDE) by the district. These are the best available estimates of SAT participation rates.    The Benchmark Performance reflect the results of only those who participate in the SAT.  Because participation rates vary from district to district, the CSDE provides both the estimated Participation rates together with the Benchmark Performance in order to promote fair and valid comparisons across districts.     Note: The data are suppressed when there are too few test-takers to sufficiently protect privacy.    *The research report can be found at:  http://research.collegeboard.org/sites/default/files/publications/2012/7/researchreport-2011-5-sat-college-readiness-benchmark-secondary-performance.pdf
Housing Inspection Violations
A complete list of properties within Prince George's County which have been issued Housing Inspection Violations  since June 2014. This dataset is scheduled to update on weekly basis.
ACS Community Partners
List of preventive providers with locations, contact information, office hours.
Davis County Occupational Projections 2012-2022
This data set contains occupational and employment projections for the Ogden Clearfield MSA (metropolitan statistical area) - Weber and Davis counties.
Licensed Suppression Service Companies in Utah 2015
Licensed Suppression Service Companies in Utah   As of March 2, 2015
Vital Signs: Daily Miles Traveled - by county (total)
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Daily Miles Traveled (T14)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Total vehicle miles traveled    LAST UPDATED  July 2017    DESCRIPTION  Daily miles traveled, commonly referred to as vehicle miles traveled (VMT), reflects the total and per-person number of miles traveled in personal vehicles on a typical weekday. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional and county tables for total vehicle miles traveled.    DATA SOURCE  California Department of Transportation: California Public Road Data/Highway Performance Monitoring System  2001-2015  http://www.dot.ca.gov/hq/tsip/hpms/datalibrary.php    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  Vehicle miles traveled reflects the mileage accrued within the county and not necessarily the residents of that county; even though most trips are due to local residents, additional VMT can be accrued by through-trips. City data was thus discarded due to this limitation and the analysis only examine county and regional data, where through-trips are generally less common.    The metropolitan area comparison was performed by summing all of the urbanized areas for which the majority of its population falls within a given metropolitan area (9-nine region for the San Francisco Bay Area and the primary MSA for all others). For the metro analysis, no VMT data is available in rural areas; it is only available for intraregional analysis purposes.
Renewable Energy Development (RED) Grants - ( FY 2013 - 2019)
The Oregon Department of Energy issued grants for renewable energy development projects from 2012 to 2019; the grants were funded through tax credit auctions overseen by the Oregon Department of Revenue. The final set of RED Grant awardees was announced in September 2019. The report below covers RED Grants approved before June 30, 2019 (Fiscal Years 2013 through 2019). For more information visit https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of May 2019.</p>
Estado De Denuncias Interpuestas Por La Comunidad A Junio 2017
Estado de las denuncias interpuestas por la comunidad en la Contraloría Departamental del Meta,
Spending Information for FY 2012
This dataset allows you to view information about government spending. Disclosure of payments is based on the legislative requirements of CB-19-2011 which can be accessed via https://princegeorgescountymd.legistar.com/Legislation.aspx, which is an effort to provide enhanced transparency and convenient public access to this information. Certain expenditures are subject to review on a case-by-case basis to ensure that confidential or privileged material is maintained in accordance with legal requirements. As such, these expenditures may not appear on this website.    Unaudited data is updated quarterly for all payees with combined spending of $25,000 or more. When cumulative payee spending exceeds $25,000 threshold, all payments made during the Fiscal Year will be reported. Datasets, current and up to seven prior fiscal periods, will be available for your search by Fiscal Year. The following information will be displayed: Payee Name, County Agency Name, Payee Zip Code, Amount and Payment Description. Website options include: sorting, exporting data, creating graphs, and customizing your display format - among other features. There is an online tutorial.    If you have any questions or comments about this citizen portal site, please send an email at any time to: CountyClick311@co.pg.md.us, or call 3-1-1 (301-883-4748), Monday - Friday, 7am - 7pm, and a Customer Service Representative will be glad to assist you.
Top 50 Employers - Maui County
Largest employers in Maui County as provided by InfoGroup.
ACTQP HTS - Average Trip Distance Categorised by Transport Method and Trip Purpose
This data set provides the average trip distance (in km) categorised by the method of transport used and the purpose of the trip. This data is obtained from individuals sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey.   A trip is defined as the travel between two main activities, where a stop may constitute a change in transport mode. As an example: driving from home to a park and ride facility, then catching a bus to an interchange, then walking to a shop to purchase an item and finally walking to work is comprised of 4 ‘stops’ and two ‘trips’.   Note: This data represents travel and activity on an average weekday. The main method of travel across a trip is used to classify trip types. Bus data includes school and public bus travel.
Service With Vehicle Data
Data set containing service data reported to the NTD for report years 2014 to the most recently published data within the Federal Transit Administration's NTD Data website.
Bronx2010 Poverty Stats All Households
2010 Census data on the number of households per census tract that are receiving Foodstamp/SNAP (Supplimental Nutrition Assistance Program) assistance. Est = estimate, MOE = margin of error
Annual Overweight Load (AOL) Permits Stipulations
The Annual Overweight Load Permits (AOL) is a web application used by trucking companies to apply for Annual Permits for Overweight vehicles. Self-Propelled Cranes and Bulk Milk transport are special categories of overweight vehicles.    For the related Annual Overweight Load (AOL) Permits dataset, please refer to https://data.cityofnewyork.us/d/ys48-9d3c
Sistema Único de Aglomeraciones de Público SUGA
Información relacionada con las características de los eventos de aglomeraciones, como espectáculos públicos , eventos deportivos y representaciones en vivo de música teatro y danza. Además conocer el estado (concepto técnicos y resoluciones ) en el cual se encuentra cada una de las aglomeraciones
Cuencas Hídricas Municipio de Toledo
Cuencas y Subcuencas Hidricas del Municipio de Toledo
Green Sturgeon Acoustic Monitoring
This dataset contains detections of acoustic tagged fish from two general locations: Golden Gate (east and west line) and Pt. Reyes. Several Vemco 69khz acoustic receivers were deployed at each of these general locations. The Golden Gate receivers were deployed beginning in April 2005 while the Pt Reyes receivers were deployed beginning in July 2008. The tagged fish in the dataset include all fish tagged by NOAA Santa Cruz and some green sturgeon tagged by NOAA in the Columbia River and Willapa Bay. Only a subset of these tagged fish were detected at the Golden Gate and Pt. Reyes. There are detections of many more fish that are not in the list of tagged fish in this dataset.
151- FY19 Proposed Performance Metrics, Obj. 2.1
Reduce civilian fire deaths
RSK On-the-Job Injury Claims by Department
Workers compensation claims by department.
CY15 AFD Standard Of Coverage By RAP
Standard of Coverage for Calendar Year 2015 (January 2015 - December 2015). AFD's goal is to reach the resident/incident within 8 mins (from phone pickup to first arriving unit), 90% of the time. Info is grouped by Response Area Polygon (RAP) --- this is a geographical boundary which often reflects the area the station/unit would be the first responding unit. This data can be joined to the AFD RAP layer, which is in GIS format.
123 - FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 2.2
Office of Information Technology Performance Metrics Objective 2.2- Percentage of production infrastructure monitored with alert notifications, FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS091
Driver Feedback Sign DFS091  Latitude: 53.48819 Longitude: -113.53728  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Transferencias externas 1-2019
Transferencias de estudiantes por convenios inter-institucional con la UPTC para el primer semestre de 2019
Restaurantes del Municipio de Yopal
Este conjunto de datos contiene el listado de restaurantes del Municipio de Yopal, la recolección de esta información fue hecha en convenio con estudiantes pasantes de la Fundación universitaria del Trópico Americano - Unitrópico.
Indice de información clasificada y reservada UIS
Según la Ley 1712 de 2014, Ley de Transparencia y Acceso a la Información Pública, en su artículo 20, expone que se debe realizar un Índice actualizado de los actos, documentos e informaciones calificados como clasificados o reservados, este Índice incluirá sus denominaciones, la motivación y la individualización del acto en que conste tal calificación. (tomado del artículo 20 de la Ley de Transparencia)
Contratación de personal como Prestador de Servicios en La Argentina Huila en el Segundo Trimestre de 2019
Relación del personal contratado en modalidad Prestación de Servicios en la alcaldía municipal de La Argentina Huila en el segundo trimestre de la vigencia 2019
2017-2021 Council And Committee Meetings - Voting Record
Detailed Voting Record of each motion made at Council or selected Committee meetings (see attachment below for details). Members of Council or the Committee will be shown as voting ‘in favour’ ‘opposed’ or ‘absent’. While Councillors are allowed to abstain from voting, this can only happen under exceptional circumstances (the Councillor must have a pecuniary interest in the matter). Therefore, it is very unlikely to see an ‘abstention’ noted.  (While every effort is taken to ensure its accuracy, the data presented here is for informational purposes only.  The official record of the Council and Committee meetings shall be the Agendas, Minutes and supporting documents approved by and filed with the City Clerk.)
Directorio Educativo
Listado de las Instituciones, Sedes Educativas, Jornadas, Grados y Grupos Creados,  Fusionados,  Asignados, Cerrados o Cambiados en DUE y SIMAT. Gobernacion Huila
BESO Data for GIS Portal
BESO data to upload to GIS Portal
Datos Abiertos Solicitados Por Los Ciudadanos En La Sección Participa Del Portal De Datos Abiertos
Portal de Datos Abiertos del Estado colombiano, solicitud de información realizada por los ciudadanos a través del portal en conformidad con la ley 1712 de 2014.
City of Grand Rapids: Vacant Lots
This is a list published in February 2020 of the known vacant lots in the City of Grand Rapids
Accessible Housing For Seniors FY13
Accessible Housing For Seniors is a sub-set of the Maryland Rehabilitation Loan Program. Numbers are tracked individually, when the rehabilitation work involves strictly accessibility features. Often times accessiblity improvements/rehabilitation is done as part of a larger project and the funding does not reflect in these numbers. For more information please visit www.mdhousing.org
AFSC/ABL: Marine Debris Surveys in Alaska, 1972-2015
Scientists at the Auke Bay Laboratory have conducted marine debris surveys on select beaches in Alaska periodically since 1972. Some of the beaches previously sampled have been identified as marine debris hot spots due to their increased debris accumulation. At each location, multiple 1 km beach segments were sampled by people walking the beach and enumerating all anthropogenic marine debris found. The beach area surveyed was from the waters edge up to the base of the storm berm or log piles. Individual beach segments have been walked multiple times in the since 1972 allowing for a direct comparison with prior years. Sampling occurred in late spring and summer to test the hypothesis of change in marine debris sources due to increased summer boat traffic and the diminished occurrence and severity of storms.
Directorio de los Sitios Turisticos del Municipio de Riosucio donde se incluyen Hoteles y Restaurantes
El archivo contiene los datos de los Hoteles y restaurantes del municipio de Riosucio
Census - 2020 Decennial Census planned operational efficiencies and program milestones met
Due to the nature of this program, it is important to track long-term quality, cost, and delivery schedule goals. The Census Bureau has embarked on a multi-year research and testing program focused on major innovations to the design of the census and oriented around major cost drivers.
Major Safety Events
This is a list of all Major Safety and Security Events from January of 2014 to the most recently published data within the Federal Transit Administration's major event time series.
On-streetParkingbasedonParkingCensus
A. SUMMARY Counts of publicly available, on-street parking for each street segment.  B. METHODOLOGY  Counts collected via field surveys from 2008-2014 assuming 17 feet per undemarcated parking space, with a few exceptions. Geoprocessing methodology involved a series of spatial joins between side of street points and each street segment. Full parking census methodology can be found at http://sfpark.org/resources/parking-census-data-context-and-map-april-2014/  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  Updated infrequently on a schedule TBD  D. OTHER CRITICAL INFO  Users should filter out segments with the value '5555' when aggregating parking census counts. This code is applied to some divided streets where the full parking census count for that street block was aggregated to one side of the divided street.
NNDSS - Table II. Giardiasis to Haemophilus influenza
NNDSS - Table II. Giardiasis to Haemophilus influenza - 2014.  In this Table, all conditions with a 5-year average annual national total of more than or equals 1,000 cases but less than or equals 10,000 cases will be displayed (≥ 1,000 and ≤ 10,000). The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.     Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:  C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum.   * Case counts for reporting years 2013 and 2014 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.   † Data for H. influenzae (age <5 yrs serotype b, nonserotype b, and unknown serotype) are available in Table I.    More information on NNDSS is available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/.
SUSPENSIONES
SUSPENSIONES MAYO 2020
Provider of Services File - CLIA - June 2015
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV). The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly.  For more information go to: http://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Downloadable-Public-Use-Files/Provider-of-Services/index.html    Two data issues in the CLIA POS file have been resolved as of the 2nd Quarter 2016 file. The data issues occurred in CLIA POS files starting with the 2nd Quarter 2011 file through 1st quarter 2016.    Data Issue 1: Incorrect Certificate Data  Certificate data in the CLIA POS file should always come from the lab's current effective certificate. Due to a sorting issue, certificate data from a lab's pending or historical certificates were used and the lab's current effective certificate data was not used.    Fields   SHORT DESCRIPTION               LEN START END TYPE  Application Type Code           1   475   475 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of CLIA certificate applied for by a laboratory.  SAS Name: APLCTN_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: APLCTN-TYPE-CD    CLIA Certificate Effective Date 8   478   485 DATE  Description: Start date of the certificate.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_EFCTV_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-EFCTV-DT    CLIA Certificate Mailed Date    8   486   493 DATE  Description: Date the certificate was generated for mailing.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_MAIL_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-MAIL-DT    CLIA Certificate Type Code      1   494   494 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of certificate issued to the laboratory, based on  the application type code.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-TYPE-CD    CLIA Termination Code           2   529   530 VARCHAR2  Description: Identifies a laboratory's active or terminated status.  If terminated, identifies the reason.  SAS Name: CLIA_TRMNTN_CD  COBOL Name: CLIA-TRMNTN-CD      Data Issue 2: Labs Never Certified Included in POS  CLIA providers that have never paid nor received a CLIA certificate should not be included in CLIA POS.
Contratos de Exploracion y Explotacion de Hidrocarburos
​​La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades.
December 2012 Encumbrances
DAGS supplied data
Hip fracture hospitalization rate among women ages 65 and older, New Jersey, Beginning 2010
Rate= Rate Per 100,000 Population Aged 65+ Years    Definition= The annual hospitalization rate as a result of fractures to the hip among older adults ages 65 years and older per 100,000 population.    Data Source=  •Population Estimates, State Data Center, New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development  •Uniform Billing Patient Summary, Division of Health Care Quality and Assessment, New Jersey Department of Health
Activos de la Información Encino Santander
Activos de la Información Encino Santander
ETS - Bus Stops by Landmarks
List of  Edmonton Transit bus stop id numbers clustered around prominent City of Edmonton landmarks, as used in the ETS Trip Planner.
Recreational Facility -  Event Schedule
Information about various events that are to occur at a particular Recreational Facility. Data is extracted from CLASS.
CJFJC - Volunteer Hours
Total hours donated from volunteers working at the CJFJC
EMPLEADOS GUARNE
RELACION DE LOS EMPLEADOS PUBLICOS DE LA ALCALDIA DE GUARNE ANTIOQUIA DEL AÑO 2014
Citywide Cash Assistance Cases
Total number of cases on Cash Assistance, including breakdown by major categories.
CPS Trawl Life History Haul Catch Data
Weight in kilograms for all species (identified to lowest taxonomic criteria) caught during SWFSC-FRD fishery independent surveys (including DEPM, ATM, SaKe) of coastal pelagic species using mid-water trawls (with most tows performed near the surface) at position and times listed. Additional information for a subset of individuals from some species can be found in either CPS Trawl Life History Length Frequency or the CPS Trawl Life History Specimen datasets.
TIF Development Agreements
City of Janesville TIF Development Agreements dating back to 2013
2018 APD Traffic Fatality Data 021219
A dataset of traffic fatalities in Austin Texas that occurred in 2018.   AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided are for informational use only and may differ from official APD crime data. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided. The Austin Police Department Fatality database contains only those crashes investigated by APD and is continuously being updated due to on-going investigations. The data provided here represents a snapshot of Traffic Fatality information at a specific point in time and may change. Due to the long processing times for toxicology testing, impairment and suspected impairment, statistics are based on the initial assessment of the Detectives and Medical Examiner.
Rate of child abuse reports per 1,000 children
Rate of child abuse reports per 1,000 children. Human Services Agency performance measure 7420P ID 423.
Health Education Consultations with At Risk Facilities
Conduct 40 Health Education Liaison Program (HELP) collaborative inspections at food facilities per fiscal year by June 30, 2021.
C-10, Tax Liability By Industry All Corporations
This dataset contains corporate tax statistics based on tax returns (C and S Corporations).
Inventory of New York City Greenhouse Gas Emissions - Fuel Emission Factors (2016)
Inventory of New York City Greenhouse Gas Emissions - Fuel Emission Factors (2016)
FY2014 General Information - All Schools (2013-2014)
2013-2014 School Information, including contact information, phone, fax, and website data.
DOHMH Indoor Environmental Complaints
Indoor Environmental Complaints     This data is largely received via complaints to 311; Each record represents a single complaint; This data can be used to help determine if the DOHMH has received an environmental complaint from a particular address; The listing of a particular address does not indicate that a condition or violation was found, only that a complaint was made to DOHMH
Medicare Resource Utilization Group (RUG) Aggregate Table, CY2013
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has prepared a public data set, the Skilled Nursing Facility Utilization and Payment Public Use File (herein referred to as “Skilled Nursing Facility PUF”), with information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries residing in skilled nursing facilities.  The Skilled Nursing Facility PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), and submitted charges organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service.  This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2013 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.     Although the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF has a wealth of payment and utilization information about skilled nursing facility services, the dataset also has a number of limitations.  The information presented in this file does not indicate the quality of care provided by individual skilled nursing facilities.  The file only contains cost and utilization information.  Additionally, the data are not risk adjusted and thus do not account for differences in the underlying severity of disease of patient populations treated by providers.  For additional limitations, please review the methodology document available in the About tab.
EMS Annual Totals
Fire performance data for EMS.  Contains annual total incidents dispatched as EMS, the estimated service area population for that year and the EMS dispatched incidents per 1000k population.  Data is from 2014 to previous year.
Población Del Municipio De Santiago N De S.
Municipio de Santiago Norte de Santander
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of May 2019.</p>
Mining Districts In Utah
The Utah Mining Districts database contains major metal production data for over 180 mining districts (updated through 2012). The data also includes the best estimates for the age of mineralization in millions of years, most important commodities produced, total value of mineral production (if known), year the district was organized, and years in which metals were produced.
City of Providence Revenue Budget
This dataset contains annual revenues budgets, per department, beginning in FY2012. The data includes Recommended Amounts from the Mayor's budget, as well as City Council Approved Amounts.
Maryland Public School Enrollment Trends: Pre-Kindergarten to Grade 12: 2009-2019
Public school enrollment trends in Maryland and its jurisdictions from Pre-Kindergarten to Grade 12 from 2009 to 2019 sourced from the Maryland State Department of Education. Data are grouped by Pre-Kindergarten (Pre-K), Kindergarten through Grade 5 (K-5), Grades 6-8, and Grades 9-12.
Personas con Discapacidad
La Clasificación Internacional de Funcionamiento, de la Discapacidad y la Salud, CIF” , está basada en la integración de los dos modelos: el médico y el social. El nuevo enfoque ahora denominado “biopsicosocial”, propone incluir la multidimensionalidad dentro del concepto de la discapacidad (lo biológico, lo emocional y lo social) que proporciona una visión coherente de las diferentes dimensiones de los estados de salud desde una perspectiva biológica (corporal), psicológica (individual) y social (entorno). Bajo esta concepción el Registro permite identificar la ubicación de las personas con discapacidad y obtener información sobre sus características socio demográficas. Para la implementación del Registro a nivel territorial se definieron responsabilidades institucionales , que involucran entidades del nivel nacional, departamental y municipal.
Bike and Pedestrian Coordinator - Program Inquiries
This dataset is designed to track the number of bicycle and pedestrian program inquiries responded to in FY 2013 - 14 and FY 2014 - 15 by month.
Education Directory
This dataset contains the official listing of all public educational organizations in Connecticut as of October 1, 2020.  Data elements include district name, school name, organization type, organization code, address, open date, interdistrict magnet status and grades offered.  Included data are collected by the CT State Department of Education (CSDE) through the Directory Manager (DM) portal in accordance with Connecticut General Statute (C.G.S.) 10-4. This critical information is used by other data collection systems and for state and federal reporting.   For more information regarding DM, please visit http://www.csde.state.ct.us/public/directorymanager/default.asp
Legislators by City 2017-2019
The list of Legislators by city for the 2017-19 legislative session.
2016 Census - Population by Structure Type and Length of Residence (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Retail Sales and Retail Use Business Registrations
Active and Inactive Retail and Retail Use Business Registrations
Calgary Parking Authority Lot Lights
Locations of lights in Calgary Parking Authority (CPA) parking lots.
Wyoming CV Pilot Basic Safety Message One Day Sample
This is a live running log of approximately one day's worth of sanitized Basic Safety Messages (BSM) from the Wyoming Connected Vehicle (CV) Pilot project. All sanitized BSMs from this project can be found in the <a href="http://usdot-its-cvpilot-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html" target="_blank" >ITS Sandbox</a>. J2735 standard BSM elements are those that begin with coreData_ and partII_. Additional contextual information specific to the Wyoming CV Pilot to help analysis is included in metadata_ columns.
PLAN DE ACCIÓN VIGENCIA 2018
METAS A CUMPLIR POR PARTE DE LA ADMINISTRACIÓN MUNICIPAL
Secretario De Despacho De Alcaldía Municipal De Luruaco
Nombre, cargo y correo electrónico de los secretarios de despacho de la Alcaldía Municipal de Luruaco.
Library Circulation Per Capita
Number of library materials lent to the number of persons the library serves. This is the annual circulation divided by the library's legal service area population, and indicates the average number of loans made to each resident annually.  Data is available from: https://www.sos.wa.gov/library/libraries/libdev/publications.aspx
Bid Tabulations
Bids received in response to Competitive Sealed Bid (CSB) solicitations are opened publicly, at the time, date, and place designated in the Invitation for Bid (IFB). The name of each bidder, the bid price, and such other information as is deemed appropriate is read aloud or otherwise made available.    The bids are tabulated and made available for public inspection. The opened bids are made available for public inspection at a reasonable time after bid opening but in any case before vendor selection, except to the extent the bidder designates trade secrets or other proprietary data to be confidential.
TDOT Traffic Counts
Data pulled from TDOTs traffic history webmap (https://www.arcgis.com/apps/webappviewer/index.html?id=075987cdae37474b88fa400d65681354).
Inventario Hotelero Rural Salento Quindio
Listado de hoteles de la zona rural del municipio de salento quindio
Candidate Surplus Funds Reports
This data set contains all the surplus funds C4s filed by a candidate.    This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.    Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.    CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication and or referenced documents constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
Extra-vehicular Activity (EVA) - US and Russia
Activities done by an astronaut or cosmonaut outside a spacecraft beyond the Earth's appreciable atmosphere.
Food Council 2017 - Edmonton Insight Community
This was a separate survey topic from February 2016 Food Council survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1258&as=AV6Ro4m9Bq&t=1    Open from March 27, 2017 to April 30, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6736 Insight Community Members. 1749 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 26%. A total of 1861 respondents completed the survey: 1749 Insight Community Members and 112 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Local Development Corporations Bonds
Public authorities are required by Section 2800 of Public Authorities Law to submit annual reports to the Authorities Budget Office that include bonds data. Local development corporations are required to report information on the projects they support and how those approved projects are financed (either through grants, loans, or bonds). The dataset consists bonds data reported by Local Development Corporations beginning with fiscal years ending in 2011.
Seismic Rehabilitation Grant Program
The Seismic Rehabilitation Grant Program provides funding for the seismic rehabilitation of critical public buildings, particularly public schools and emergency services facilities. This report covers Fiscal Years 2019-2020. For more information visit https://www.orinfrastructure.org/Infrastructure-Programs/Seismic-Rehab/
2018 Adopted Budget FTEs
2018 Adopted Budget FTEs
Población del Municipio de Puerto Santander
Conjunto de datos que dan a conocer la población total porteña, incluye niños, niñas, jóvenes y adultos
FAC_ Deferred Maintenance Budget 2020-21
Deferred maintenance is the postponement of buildings and equipment upkeep from the normal operating budget cycle due to a lack of funds. This chart displays the amount that has been budgeted for projects that address building deferred maintenance identified in the 2017 Deferred Maintenance Report. Target is $15 Million reduction per year. The 2020-21 biennuial budget totaled $18.15 Million to reduce Deferred Maintenance.
Deputy Details For Other Shooting Incidents 2010 to Present
Animal Shooting, Other Shooting, Unintentional Discharge Shooting, Warning Shot
SF Development Pipeline 2018 Q4
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly. For more information please see http://sf-planning.org/pipeline-report A data dictionary can be downloaded from here:  https://sfplanninggis.s3.amazonaws.com/PipelineDataDictionary.xlsx
ACTQP HTS - Stop count Categorised by Method of Transport
This data set provides a count and percentage of the number of stops categorised by method of transport. This data is obtained from individuals sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey.  A trip is defined as the travel between two main activities, where a stop may constitute a change in transport mode. As an example: driving from home to a park and ride facility, then catching a bus to an interchange, then walking to a shop to purchase an item and finally walking to work is comprised of 4 ‘stops’ and two ‘trips’.   Note: This data represents travel and activity on an average weekday.
Registro de Deuda Pública
Es el registro de todos los contratos de crédito o emisión de bonos que las entidades públicas colombianas realizan con el sector financiero nacional e internacional, sus saldos y flujos producidos en una vigencia.
311 Service Requests - Garbage Carts - Historical
As described in http://bit.ly/311HistoricalPost, the function of this dataset was replaced by https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/v6vf-nfxy. This dataset is historical-only.  All open garbage cart requests made to 311 and all requests completed since January 1, 2011. The City of Chicago provides heavy-duty plastic 96-gallon garbage carts to single-family residences and apartment buildings of four units or less. Residents may request new carts when none are present, or replacement carts for ones which have gone missing or been damaged.      311 sometimes receives duplicate requests for garbage carts. Requests that have been labeled as Duplicates are in the same geographic area and have been entered into 311’s Customer Service Requests (CSR) system at around the same time as a previous request. Duplicate reports/requests are labeled as such in the Status field, as either "Open - Dup" or "Completed - Dup." Data is updated daily.
Public Health Statistics - Births to mothers aged 15-19 years old in Chicago, by year, 1999-2009
This dataset contains the annual number of births to mothers aged 15-19 years old and annual birth rate (births per 1,000 females aged 15-19 years) with corresponding 95% confidence intervals, by Chicago community area, for the years 1999 – 2009.  See the full dataset description for more information: https://data.cityofchicago.org/api/assets/80918D2A-38FF-4A2C-9831-CD3EAC3C02BC
Observatorio de paz - caracterización de población beneficiada - serie 1 de 3 - 2017 a noviembre 2019
Caracterización de la población beneficiaria de ayuda humanitaria por declaración como víctimas del conflicto armado,  incluye: núcleos de familia con sus cantidades de integrantes,  edad, grupo etario, curso de vida, sexo, LGTBI, gestante, cabeza de familia, discapacidad, adulto mayor, afrodescendiente, mestizo, indígena, Rrom, amenaza, desplazamiento, reclutamiento forzado, secuestro, homicidio, tortura, delitos contra libertad e integridad sexual, minas antipersonal, acto terrorista, despojo y abandono de bienes, vinculación de NNA grupos armados,  migrantes, venezolanos, orientación, atención psicológica, apoyo, articulación interinstitucional
CITAS ASIGNADAS Y ATENDIDAS PRIMER SEMESTRE DEL 2016
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS CONTIENE INFORMACIÓN DE LAS CITAS ASIGNADAS Y ATENDIDAS DURANTE EL PRIMER SEMESTRE DEL 2016, POR LOS DIFERENTES ESPECIALISTAS DE LA ESE HOSPITAL EMIRO QUINTERO CAÑIZARES DE OCAÑA.
Housing Next - Housing Gap Estimates
Potential need and step down support factor for housing gap estimates in Grand Rapids.
Licencias de Cannabis otorgadas por el Ministerio de Justicia y del Derecho
Licencias de uso de semillas para siembra, de cultivo de cannabis psicoactivo y de cultivo de cannabis no psicoactivo otorgadas por el Ministerio de Justicia y del Derecho. La información corresponde a las vigencias 2018, 2019 , hasta agosto 2020.  Ayúdanos a responder la encuesta de satisfacción dando click al enlace de origen.
Garden Walk, Marin-Friendly, Residential Water Conservation
Marin Friendly Garden Walks performed by Master Gardeners on Marin County residential properties that are connected to the Marin Municipal Water District (MMWD). The specialized and free walks by the knowledgeable and trained Master Gardeners focus on the many ways a homeowner can save water through improved garden landscaping choices, and improved water irrigation and conservation practices. A written report is provided to each homeowner. The program is administered by the University of California Cooperative Extension (UCCE). It is funded by various entities including Marin County and MMWD. Data is updated quarterly and begins in 2008.
August 2016 Parking Revenue And Sources
Data shows parking revenue by zone, revenue, and transaction type.
Transit Incident Log
Captures incidents at timepoints to determine On Time Performance (OTP). This file was made available to facilitate the 2019 CUTA conference hackathon, and therefore may not be updated. Bus departed early (>1 minute before schedule) Bus departed late (>5 minutes after schedule) Bus departed on schedule (<=1 minute before schedule and <=5 minutes after schedule)
Public School Enrollment by Local Education Agency (LEA) SY 2016-2017 Annual County Education
2016-2017 enrollments for all publicly funded schools in Pennsylvania as reported by school districts, area vocational-technical schools, charter schools, intermediate units, and state operated educational facilities.  Local education agencies were asked to report those students who were enrolled and attending as of October 3, 2016.    County and Statewide Totals Notes:										  										  Statewide and county totals include counts of students attending education classes on a full-time basis outside their parents' district of residence.  This data was obtained from the Bureau of Special Education (PENNDATA 2016).										  										  										  Intermediate Unit and CTC Part-day enrollments are excluded from county and state totals.										  										  Statewide and county totals are unique counts of students being educated by public Local Education Agencies.  LEA and School level reports may not sum to the County and Statewide totals.										  										  Source: Pennsylvania Information Management System (PIMS)
Active Retail Tobacco Vendors
This data includes the name, subcategory, and location of active retail tobacco vendors operating in New York State.
Vital Signs: Commute Mode Choice (by Place of Residence) – Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Commute Mode Choice (T1)  FULL MEASURE NAME Commute mode share by residential location  LAST UPDATED April 2020  DESCRIPTION Commute mode choice, also known as commute mode share, refers to the mode of transportation that a commuter uses to travel to work, such as driving alone, biking, carpooling or taking transit. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional, county, city and census tract tables by place of residence.  DATA SOURCE U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census (1960-2000) - via MTC/ABAG Bay Area Census http://www.bayareacensus.ca.gov/transportation/Means19802000.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey Form B08301 (2006-2018; place of residence) www.api.census.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) For the decennial Census datasets, the breakdown of auto commuters between drive alone and carpool is not available before 1980. "Other" includes bicycle, motorcycle, taxi, and other modes of transportation.  For the American Community Survey datasets, 1-year rolling average data was used for metros, region, and county geographic levels, while 5-year rolling average data was used for cities and tracts. This is due to the fact that more localized data is not included in the 1-year dataset across all Bay Area cities. Regional mode shares are population-weighted averages of the nine counties’ modal shares. "Auto" includes drive alone and carpool for the simple data tables and is broken out in the detailed data tables accordingly, as it was not available before 1980. “Transit” includes public operators (Muni, BART, etc.) and employer-provided shuttles (e.g., Google shuttle buses). "Other" includes motorcycle, taxi, and other modes of transportation; bicycle mode share was broken out separately for the first time in the 2006 data and is shown in the detailed data tables. Census tract data is not available for tracts with insufficient numbers of residents or workers.  The metropolitan area comparison was performed for the nine-county San Francisco Bay Area in addition to the primary MSAs for the nine other major metropolitan areas.
[ARCHIVED] Business Establishments 2007
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports the number of business establishments . By industry (NAICS).  By number of employees.  Geographies available: Counties
Landfill Gas Methane Energy (LMOP) Project Sites in Utah
The Landfill Gas Methane Energy dataset contains key information about municipal solid waste (MSW) landfills and landfill-gas-energy (LFG) projects in Utah. Information for this dataset is compiled from a variety of sources. Data received for inclusion in this data set are reviewed for reasonableness and are corroborated via other data sources when possible.  This data set is compiled from the Environmental Protection Agency.
Proyectos de Vivienda con permiso de enajenación
Este conjunto de datos contiene información relativa a los proyectos de vivienda que tienen permisos de enajenación.
Cobertura móvil por tecnología, departamento y municipio por proveedor
Cobertura móvil por tecnología, departamento y municipio por proveedor
United States COVID-19 Cases and Deaths by State over Time
CDC reports aggregate counts of COVID-19 cases and death numbers daily online. Data on the COVID-19 website and CDC’s COVID Data Tracker are based on these most recent numbers reported by states, territories, and other jurisdictions. This data set of “United States COVID-19 Cases and Deaths by State over Time” combines this information. However, data are dependent on jurisdictions’ timely and accurate reporting.   Separately, CDC also regularly reports provisional death certificate data from the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS) on data.cdc.gov. Details are described on the <a href="https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/covid-19.htm">NCHS website</a>. Reporting the number of deaths by using death certificates ultimately provides more complete information but is a longer process; therefore, these numbers will be less than the death counts on the COVID-19 website.  <b>Accuracy of Data</b><br/> CDC tracks COVID-19 illnesses, hospitalizations, and deaths to track trends, detect outbreaks, and monitor whether public health measures are working. However, counting exact numbers of COVID-19 cases is not possible. COVID-19 can cause mild illness, symptoms might not appear immediately, there are delays in reporting and testing, not everyone who is infected gets tested or seeks medical care, and there are differences in how completely states and territories report their cases.  COVID-19 is one of about <a href="https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/">120 diseases or conditions</a> health departments voluntarily report to CDC. State, local, and territorial public health departments verify and report cases to CDC. When there are differences between numbers of cases reported by CDC versus by health departments, data reported by health departments should be considered the most up to date. Health departments may update case data over time when they receive more complete and accurate information. The number of new cases reported each day fluctuates. There is generally less reporting on the weekends and holidays.  CDC reports death data on three other sections of the website: <a href="https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/cases-updates/cases-in-us.html">U.S. Cases</a> & Deaths, <a href="https://www.cdc.gov/covid-data-tracker/index.html">COVID Data Tracker</a>, and <a href="https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/covid-19.htm">NCHS Provisional Death Counts</a>. The U.S. Cases and Deaths webpages and COVID Data Tracker get their information from the same source (total case counts); however, NCHS Death Counts are based on death certificates that use information reported by physicians, medical examiners, or coroners in the cause-of-death section of each certificate. Data from each of these pages are considered provisional (not complete and pending verification) and are therefore subject to change. Counts from previous weeks are continually revised as more records are received and processed. Because not all jurisdictions report counts daily, counts may increase at different intervals.  <b>Confirmed & Probable Counts</b><br/> As of April 14, 2020, CDC case counts and death counts include both confirmed and probable cases and deaths. This change was made to reflect an <a href="https://cdn.ymaws.com/www.cste.org/resource/resmgr/2020ps/Interim-20-ID-01_COVID-19.pdf">interim COVID-19 position statement</a> issued by the Council for State and Territorial Epidemiologists on April 5, 2020. The position statement included a case definition and made COVID-19 a nationally notifiable disease. Nationally notifiable disease cases are voluntarily reported to CDC by jurisdictions. Confirmed and probable case definition criteria are described here: <a href="https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/conditions/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19/case-definition/2020/">https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/conditions/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19/case-definition/2020/</a>. Not all jurisdictions report probable cases and deaths to CDC. When not available to CDC, it is noted as N/A. Please note that jurisdiction
INDICE_DE_INFORMACION_CLASIFICADA_Y_RESERVADA
inventario de la información publica generada por la gobernación del Quindío a sido calificada como clasificada y reservada
Centros de Salud de Villavicencio
instituciones prestadoras de servicios de salud
Ejecución Gastos 2018
Ejecución presupuestal consolidada de los gastos generada  en la vigencia 2018 de la Alcaldía de Leticia
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Producer Survey 2018 - Module G Sales Data
This dataset contains information on the value and volume of horticultural produce sold by producer beneficiaries included in the FY 18 producer survey.  This dataset is Module G of a data asset that contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2018 annual results survey of smallholder producers assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using a two-staged cluster design. In the first stage, 77 villages were selected for inclusion in the survey using the method of probability proportional to size based on beneficiary population data as recorded in FTFT-MnM's client database. In the second stage, 12 respondents were selected from each village. In total, 932 respondents were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic demographic data and landholdings. Module B captures information on the household members. Module C captures information on the dietary diversity of female household members. Modules D, E, F, G capture data on production of horticultural produce and associated costs, as well as information on sales. Module H captures information on access to finance.
Washington Anadromous Fish Harvest Data 1974 - 2012
WDFW combined Sport/ Commercial/ Treaty salmon harvest data.
2005 Campaign Payments
A listing of campaign public funds payments for candidates for City office during the 2005 election cycle
Utah Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2011
Utah Total Renewable Net Energy Generation By Source And State 2011
Tipos De Terrenos  Municipio De San Cayetano
Clasificación de los tipos de terrenos del municipio de san cayetano distribuidos por veredas en donde desde el punto de vista topográfico los terrenos pueden clasificarse en  plano, ondulado y pendiente.
Section L2 Food Consumption by Spouse
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
NOPD Use of Force Incidents
This dataset represents use of force incidents by the New Orleans Police Department reported per NOPD Use of Force policy.  This dataset includes initial reports that may be subject to change through the review process.  This dataset reflects the most current status and information of these reports.  This dataset includes one row of data for each combination of officer that used force and subject of force during the incident.  For example, if during a use of force incident two officers used force and two people were the subject of force, there will be four rows associated with that incident in this dataset.  The number of rows in this dataset does not represent the number of times force was used by NOPD officers.  This dataset is updated nightly.  Disclaimer: The New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information.  The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information.  All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited.  The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page.  The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user.  Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited.  The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful.  This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
AFSC/ABL: Marine Debris Surveys by Location in Alaska_ 1972-2015 Summarized
Scientists at the Auke Bay Laboratory have conducted marine debris surveys on select beaches in Alaska periodically since 1972. Some of the beaches previously sampled have been identified as marine debris hot spots due to their increased debris accumulation. At each location, multiple 1 km beach segments were sampled by people walking the beach and enumerating all anthropogenic marine debris found. The beach area surveyed was from the waters edge up to the base of the storm berm or log piles. Individual beach segments have been walked multiple times in the since 1972 allowing for a direct comparison with prior years. Sampling occurred in late spring and summer to test the hypothesis of change in marine debris sources due to increased summer boat traffic and the diminished occurrence and severity of storms.
Coal Production In Utah By Coalfield T 2.11 1982-2013
Coal Production In Utah By Coalfield 1982-2013 T2.11
Alumnos matriculados
Alumnos matriculados en las Instituciones educativas del municipio de San Jerónimo con corte a agosto de 2019.
Department of Defense Hawaii Army National Guard Facility Locations
Hawaii Army National Guard Facility Locations
RCRA Rulemaking
The proposed rules will adopt federal rules into Oregon’s rules. The amendments will incorporate amended versions of previously adopted federal rules, and will also incorporate some federal rules for the first time. The purpose of these amendments is to align Oregon rules with federal rules and to enable Oregon to retain delegated federal authority to operate its Resource and Recovery Act hazardous waste program.
Vital Signs: Housing Permits - by metro area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Housing Permits (LU3)  FULL MEASURE NAME Permitted housing units  LAST UPDATED October 2019  DESCRIPTION Housing growth is measured in terms of the number of units that local jurisdictions permit throughout a given year. A permitted unit is a unit that a city or county has authorized for construction.  DATA SOURCE Construction Industry Research Board Table 3: Residential Units and Valuation (1967-2010) No link available  California Housing Foundation/Construction Industry Research Board California Construction Trends (2011-2013) http://www.mychf.org/cirb/  Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) – Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) Housing Permits Database (2014-2017) http://opendata.mtc.ca.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Bay Area housing permits data prior to 2014 comes from the California Housing Foundation/Construction Industry Research Board. Data from 2014 to 2017 comes from the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) – Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) Housing Permits Database.  Single-family housing units include detached, semi-detached, row house and town house units. Row houses and town houses are included as single-family units when each unit is separated from the adjacent unit by an unbroken ground-to-roof party or fire wall. Condominiums are included as single-family units when they are of zero-lot-line or zero-property-line construction; when units are separated by an air space; or, when units are separated by an unbroken ground-to-roof party or fire wall. Multi-family housing includes duplexes, three-to-four-unit structures and apartment-type structures with five units or more. Multi-family also includes condominium units in structures of more than one living unit that do not meet the single-family housing definition. In the permits data from 2014 to 2017, single-family units include all units not strictly classified as multi-family. This may include secondary units.  Each multi-family unit is counted separately even though they may be in the same building. Total units is the sum of single-family and multi-family units. County data is available from 1967 whereas city data is available from 1990. City data is only available for incorporated cities and towns. All permits in unincorporated cities and towns are included under their respective county’s unincorporated total. Permit data is not available for years when the city or town was not incorporated.  Affordable housing is the total number of permitted units affordable to low and very low income households. Housing affordable to very low income households are households making below 50% of the area median income. Housing affordable to low income households are households making between 50% and 80% of the area median income. Housing affordable to moderate income households are households making below 80% and 120% of the area median income. Housing affordable to above moderate income households are households making above 120% of the area median income.  Permit data is missing for the following cities and years: Clayton, 1990-2007 Lafayette, 1990-2007 Moraga, 1990-2007 Orinda, 1990-2007 San Ramon, 1990  Building permit data for metropolitan areas for each year is the sum of non-seasonally adjusted monthly estimates from the Building Permit Survey. The Bay Area values are the sum of the San Francisco-Oakland-Hayward MSA and the San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara MSA. The counties included in these areas are: San Francisco, Marin, Contra Costa, Alameda, San Mateo, Santa Clara, and San Benito.  Permit values reflect the number of units permitted in each respective year.
Unplanned Road Closures (Historical Data)
This data set is a record of unplanned road closures within the ACT. This data contains all information recorded since the implementation of an ESRI Survey 123 solution to handle Temporary Traffic Management (TTM) Applications.
Estadísticas de Información por Servicios
Producción por servicios prestados durante la vigencia 4trimestre de 2019.
autism prevalence studies
This data table provides a collection of information from peer-reviewed autism prevalence studies. Information reported from each study includes the autism prevalence estimate and additional study characteristics (e.g., case ascertainment and criteria). A PubMed search was conducted to identify studies published at any time through September 2020 using the search terms: autism (title/abstract) OR autistic (title/abstract) AND prevalence (title/abstract). Data were abstracted and included if the study fulfilled the following criteria:  •	The study was published in English;  •	The study produced at least one autism prevalence estimate; and •	The study was population-based (any age range) within a defined geographic area.
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada Pensiones de Antioquia 2020
Describe la información clasificada y reservada de Pensiones de Antioquia 2020.
CSSE COVID-19 Daily Reports
Source link: https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19/tree/master/csse_covid_19_data/csse_covid_19_daily_reports  This dataset contains daily case reports compiled by the Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering (JHU CSSE).
AFSC/RACE/FBEP/Hurst: Thermal reaction norms for growth vary among cohorts of Pacfic cod (Gadus macrocephalus)
This dataset is from laboratory experiments examining intercohort variation in thermal reaction norms of Pacific cod.
CONCILIACIÓN EN EQUIDAD, ALCALDÍA MUNICIPIO DE CHÍA 2019
ESTADÍSTICA GENERAL CONCILIACIÓN EQUIDAD 2019
Riverbrook & Wheatland Tenant Buildout Meeting (2018 - Current Year)
A meeting held with City staff that provides prospective tenants with an understanding of the fees and permitting requirements for their project.  Tenant Buildout permits are required for any new tenant occupancies.
Number of Library Visits And E-Branch Visits
Number of Library and E-Branch Visits Each Year
PSC Regional Operations Center Percentage Complete
CAPDC Measure K Performance
2016-2017 School Quality Report - Elem, Middle & K-8 Schools
The Quality Review is a process that evaluates how well schools are organized to support student learning and teacher practice. It was developed to assist New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) schools in raising student achievement by looking behind a school’s performance statistics to ensure that the school is engaged in effective methods of accelerating student learning.
Oficinas Atención Al Cliente Acuavalle S.A. E.S.P.
Localización Oficinas Atención Al Cliente
Feed The Future Zambia Baseline Population Based Survey: Household Members
The Zambia Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in five districts — Chipata, Katete, Lundazi, Nyimba, and Petauke in Zambia.  This dataset contains information members of the households surveyed.
Hospital Readmissions Reduction Program
In October 2012, CMS began reducing Medicare payments for Inpatient Prospective Payment System hospitals with excess readmissions. Excess readmissions are measured by a ratio, calculated by dividing a hospital’s number of “predicted” 30-day readmissions for heart attack (AMI), heart failure (HF), pneumonia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), hip/knee replacement (THA/TKA), and coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG) by the number that would be “expected,” based on an average hospital with similar patients.
Asociacion De Pescadores De Tubará
Base de datos Asociación de pescadores de Tubará y sus centros poblados.
NNDSS - Table II. Cryptosporidiosis to Dengue
NNDSS - Table II. Cryptosporidiosis to Dengue - 2015.In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed.The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.    NP: Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, have been moved to Table 2 to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions. ��� Case counts for reporting year 2015 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly. �� Data for dengue-like illness will be included in this table after the CDC obtains Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) to receive data for this condition.
Speed Reducer Tracking System (SRTS)
This dataset contains information regarding placements of speed humps and speed cushions within the five boroughs.   Speed humps are traffic calming devices intended to slow traffic speeds on low volume, low speed roads. Speed humps are 3–4 inches high and 14–20 feet wide, with a ramp length of 3–6 feet, depending on target speed. Speed cushions are either speed humps or speed tables that include wheel cutouts to allow large vehicles to pass unaffected, while reducing passenger car speeds. They can be offset to allow unimpeded passage by emergency vehicles and are typically used on key emergency response routes. Speed humps are generally installed on local residential (non-truck route, non-bus route locations), while speed cushions are generally installed on designated truck route locations and bus route locations.  The requests for speed hump/cushion come through Commissioner Correspondences or from other sources and entered manually into the Speed Reducer Tracking System. The Speed Reducer Tracking System then tracks the results of request to determine whether a speed hump/cushion is feasible for installation.
Hospital Value- Based Purchasing ( HVBP)- Heart Failure Scores Utah
A list of Utah hospitals participating in the Hospital VBP Program and their performance rates and scores for the Clinical Process of Care Heart Failure measures.
Southeast Economic Add-On I7 Data 1997
Data collected by phone as a followup with anglers who were intercepted in the field.  To collect data on an angler's last trip for revealed preference models and economic valuation purposes. Typically done as an add-on to the MRIP intercept survey and done as needed, periodically.
Council And Committee Security Measures - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the February 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1553&as=IU7G0le3YZ&t=1    Open from February 14 - 21, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6578 Insight Community Members. 2020 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 31%. A total of 2075 respondents completed the survey: 2020 Insight Community Members and 55 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
2005 - 2017 School Quality Review Ratings
Yearly data of Quality Review ratings from 2005 to 2017
Weather Stations (Active and inactive)
La lista es de todas las estaciones con datos disponibles a través del National Centers for Environmental Information del NOAA (https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/). A través de ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/daily/ es posible extraer data de precipitación y temperatura relacionado a estas estaciones. Aunque algunas de estas estaciones tienen datos de finales del siglo XIX, muchas de estas estaciones ya no están activas, y algunas solo tienen data bien reciente. A continuación se definen cada una de las columnas:    Station code: código único asignado por NOAA a la estación  Station name: Nombre de la estación  Latitude: latitud donde se encuentra la estación  Longitude: longitud donde se encuentra la estación  Elevation: elevación sobre el nivel del mar de la estación (en metros)  Active = Se define la estación como activa si ha provisto datos para algún momento en el 2016
Lobbyist Register
Directory of active, inactive and terminated lobbyists in Nova Scotia
L&I Affidavit Project Details
Affidavit filed by an employer/contractor for work done on a public works project.
NB Marriages By Month 1980-2016 / Mariages au N.-B. selon le mois 1980-2016
New Brunswick Marriages by Month of Occurrence 1980-2016 / Mariages au Nouveau-Brunswick selon le mois de l'évenement 1980-2016
Police Officer New Hires
Total of all hired police officers.
Capital Projects Geom
Test geometry for capital projects explorer
2017 - 2018 Utah Clinic Quality Comparisons
This data set includes comparative information for clinics in Utah for medical claims for the years 2017 and 2018.   This data set was calculated by the Utah Department of Health, Office of Healthcare Statistics (OHCS) using Utah’s All Payer Claims Database (APCD).  Prior years (2015-2016) may be viewed at: https://opendata.utah.gov/Health/2016-2015-Clinic-Quality-Comparisons-for-Clinics-w/35s3-nmpm
Final Performance Evaluation of the USAID/Jamaica Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI), Beneficiary Survey Data
Beneficiary survey data from Final Performance Evaluation of the USAID/Jamaica Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI)    The purpose of this evaluation of the Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI) is to determine whether the SEBI activity achieved its objectives and gain lessons for implementation of ongoing or future programs. The evaluation sought to identify: 1) implementation challenges, corrective actions to project management, and progress towards achieving expected results; 2) the factors that contributed to the success/failure of the different project components; 3) the effect of the activity on men and women; and 4) the extent to which SEBI contributed to the local social enterprise (SE) policy environment. The evaluation will serve to inform the United States Agency for International Development Jamaica Mission’s (USAID/Jamaica) Local Partner Development (LPD) program under the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative (CBSI) as well as the Social Enterprise Jamaica (SEJA), which is in the process of being registered as a non-governmental organization (NGO), with a view to continuing some of the work of SEBI once the project ends in December 2018. The exact nature of SEJA’s activities is unclear, although the Evaluation Team (ET) understands that the focus could primarily be on incubation services for SEs under the LPD program.    SEBI was initiated by the Jamaica National Foundation (JNF) and jointly funded by JNF and USAID. The rationale for USAID’s decision to support SEBI in Jamaica, implemented by (JNF), was based on several important factors at the time, namely: 1) low levels of business competitiveness and productivity; 2) a stagnant economy; 3) a high debt burden; and 4) high levels of crime in the country. The genesis of SEBI was in JNF’s observation that not-for-profit and other organizations operating in the social sector were struggling to deliver their core services mainly due to a reliance on grants and donations. The underlying goal therefore was to introduce the social enterprise model to these organizations so that they could start generating their own income and become less reliant on grants and donations. SEBI began in July 2012 and is due for completion at the end of December 2018, following three extensions agreed in Modifications 2, 3, and 5 in the Cooperative Agreement (CA).     The ET pursued three separate, yet interlinked, data collection activities that formed the basis of its methodological approach to conducting the SEBI evaluation as follows:  1.	Face-to-face meetings on site with SEBI’s incubator and accelerator beneficiary clients as well as representatives from key stakeholders,  including national and local government, the private sector, international community, civil society, NGOs, and business associations and agencies. In total, the ET met with 29 beneficiaries (20 incubators and 13 accelerators) and 30 stakeholders. Team members used semi-structured questionnaires to record answers for later comparative analysis and cross-reference purposes with findings from the other data collection methods, mentioned below.   2.	The ET hosted four focus group discussions (FGDs) in the parishes (Trelawny, St. James, Westmoreland and Manchester) and one in Kingston with selected groups of SEBI indirect beneficiaries. In total, 31 participants attended the FGDs, providing views and responses to questions which were noted for later cross-referencing with findings from the direct beneficiary and public awareness surveys.   3.	Two surveys were carried out by Market Research Services Limited (MRSL), based in Kingston, on behalf of the ET (see Annex 6 – Survey Reports for complete analysis of the findings from both surveys).
CONTRATISTA ALCALDIA CHOACHI AÑO 2019
Contratistas que laboraran en la alcaldía municipal de choachi durante el a{o 2019
Lobbyist Compensation and Expenses by Source
This dataset contains compensation and expense summary records from the monthly reports of lobbying activity. One record is included for each client that paid compensation or incurred expenses during the filing period. If the lobbyist firm themselves incurred any expenses not reimbursed by a client, a record is included summarizing the lobbyist firm's expenses. If a lobbyist reported no compensation or expenses on the report, no records will be in this dataset. Records are included for a period of ten years, beginning in January, 2016. The date is determined as the filing period of the report, not the date received. Records are included for the full year so for example, all 2017 records will be included until the entire year 2017 falls outside the 10 year time span.    This dataset is a best-effort by the PDC to provide a complete set of records as described herewith and may contain incomplete or incorrect information. The PDC provides access to the original reports for the purpose of record verification.    Descriptions attached to this dataset do not constitute legal definitions; please consult RCW 42.17A and WAC Title 390 for legal definitions and additional information regarding political finance disclosure requirements.    CONDITION OF RELEASE: This publication and or referenced documents constitutes a list of individuals prepared by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission and may not be used for commercial purposes. This list is provided on the condition and with the understanding that the persons receiving it agree to this statutorily imposed limitation on its use. See RCW 42.56.070(9) and AGO 1975 No. 15.
Salud - Porcentaje de Nacidos Vivos con Bajo Peso al Nacer, en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2010 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar el Porcentaje de Nacidos Vivos con Bajo Peso al Nacer en Bolívar, por Municipios desde el año 2010 a 2018. Fuente Numerador: Número de nacidos vivos con peso inferior a 2.500 gramos - Cubos SISPRO – EEVV- Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social – DANE. Fuente Denominador: Número de nacidos vivos con la variable peso diligenciada - Cubos SISPRO – EEVV - Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social – DANE. Forma de Cálculo: Numerador/denominador*100.
Certificate of Occupancy
<div>Certificates of Occupancy issued by Planning &amp; Development. Data is updated monthly and may not reflect recent activity.<br></div>
Playgrounds
List of all playgrounds in Edmonton. Details include surface and accessibility attributes to provide information on where children of all ages and abilities can play. Play areas may consist of one or more co-located playgrounds. The list does not include playgrounds that are linked to schools and private owners.
Census Variables (5-year Estimates)
Selected American Community Survey (ACS) variables from Mesa and other nearby municipalities. Visit https://www.census.gov/data/developers/data-sets/acs-5year.html for more information about the US Census Bureau's ACS ongoing survey. See https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/news/data-releases.html for data annual release schedules. This dataset uses 5-year estimates.
Sitios Turísticos-5
Información Básica de Turismo del Municipio de Santa Cruz de Mompox
BB FY15 REC Each Program Rec Changes
FY15 CE Recommended Each Program Rec Changes
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
Ejecución del Presupuesto de Ingresos Diciembre 2018
Información de la institución sobre la Ejecución de Presupuesto de Ingresos.
Graduation Data by School and Instructional Program Service type for class of 2011-12
Graduation data by school and Instructional program service type for the 2011-2012 school year. The completion counts and rates include all students who graduate on-time with a regular diploma plus students who complete on-time with a GED or non-diploma certificate. It is important to note that graduates are included in the completer count and rate, therefore the completion counts and rates for any school or district will be greater than or equal to the graduation rate.
Section F2 Non-Successful Milk Sales
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
ESTABLECIMIENTOS INTERNACIONALES FABRICANTES DE MEDICAMENTOS CERTIFICADOS CON BUENAS PRÁCTICAS DE MANUFACTURA
En este listado se consolidan los establecimientos internacionales que cuentan con certificación en Buenas Prácticas de Manufactura vigente, para la fabricación de medicamentos.
Social Services Referral list for Austin Public Health Clients
This data set is the community based resources in the Greater Austin Area.
Timberland Regional Library New Cardholder Registrations
This dataset reports on the number of new cardholders registered in the Timberland Regional Library District, a five-county rural library district serving Thurston, Lewis, Mason, Pacific, and Grays Harbor counties. It includes a count of cardholders by each library location, card profile type, and date registered. Card profiles set library privileges for loan periods, limits on the number of items borrowed or requested, and access to digital materials, public computers, and other library resources.
Adopted FY19 Budget
Adopted City and County of Honolulu FY19 Budget
NYCgov Poverty Measure Data (2015)
American Community Survey Public Use Micro Sample, augmented by NYC Opportunity.    This file contains poverty rates and related data from the NYCgov poverty measure data. The NYCgov poverty measure is generated annually by the poverty research unit of the Mayor's Office of Economic Opportunity (NYC Opportunity). The data is derived from the American Community Survey Public Use Microsample for NYC, augmented by NYC Opportunity to include imputed estimates for benefit participation and some household expenditures. For information on how the NYCgov poverty rate is constructed see http://www1.nyc.gov/site/opportunity/poverty-in-nyc/poverty-measure.page.    DISCLAIMER:</b> Do not use the visualization tool with this data set.  This data set is unweighted.  See “Read Me” page in data dictionary for correct use of person and household weights.  Visualizations generated from this file will result in incorrect distributions of the data.    For the list of all NYCgov Poverty Measure Data datasets available on the portal please use <a href=https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?tags=nycgov%20poverty%20measure&sortBy=alpha>this link.</a>
INVENTARIO, CONTROL Y SEGUIMIENTO DE VERTIMIENTOS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE CHIA 2019
VERTIMIENTOS
2017- 2018   Class Size Report Borough Middle And High School
Class size distribution information on middle and high school classes by borough
NYCgov Poverty Measure Data (2012)
American Community Survey Public Use Micro Sample, augmented by NYC Opportunity.    This file contains poverty rates and related data from the NYCgov poverty measure data. The NYCgov poverty measure is generated annually by the poverty research unit of the Mayor's Office of Economic Opportunity (NYC Opportunity). The data is derived from the American Community Survey Public Use Microsample for NYC, augmented by NYC Opportunity to include imputed estimates for benefit participation and some household expenditures. For information on how the NYCgov poverty rate is constructed see http://www1.nyc.gov/site/opportunity/poverty-in-nyc/poverty-measure.page.    DISCLAIMER:</b> Do not use the visualization tool with this data set.  This data set is unweighted.  See “Read Me” page in data dictionary for correct use of person and household weights.  Visualizations generated from this file will result in incorrect distributions of the data.    For the list of all NYCgov Poverty Measure Data datasets available on the portal please use <a href=https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?tags=nycgov%20poverty%20measure&sortBy=alpha>this link.</a>
Permits
This is a dataset of all permits issued from 1/2/2007 - present by the City of Buffalo. The Building Permit Office within the Department of Permit & Inspection Services is responsible for issuing permits, plan review and enforcement for compliance with the New York State Building Codes and all applicable ordinances in the City of Buffalo.    The value of work is for the entire project cost which may entail multiple permits. Phased projects will appear in our value of work field when the first permit is secured.
Leak Detection Survey (2013 - Current Year)
This dataset quantifies watermain leaks discovered during surveys of the water system utilizing acoustical listening devices.  From 2013-2017 a single City-wide survey was conducted per calendar year.  Beginning in 2018 two City-wide surveys were completed.
BB FY15 REC Recommended Changes
FY15 Budget Book CE Recommended Changes
2009 Property Tax Roll
This dataset contains property tax information for the calendar year 2009. Taxes are calculated from property values, and billed in Fiscal Year 2010, which runs from July 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010. The properties include Residential, Commercial and Publicly Held parcels and structures.
Total Solid Waste Reduction (with H-Power)
Includes H-Power data in the  reduction category
Voting Centers and Ballot Sites
Voting Center and ballot drop-off box point locations throughout Pierce County. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbaudit_voting_centers_and_ballot_sites.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use  (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Oportunidad de Asignación De Citas Mayo 2019
Este conjunto de datos muestra la oportunidad de asignación de citas de la E.S.E. Hospital San Rafael de Tunja
Aves Municipio de Sopó
Aves ubicadas en el municipio de Sopó
Annual Average Air Concentration Estimates Microgram Per Cubic Meter Utah Counties 2005
Annual Average Air Concentration Estimates Microgram Per Cubic Meter Utah Counties 2005
Incidence Rate Of Leukemia Among Children Under 15 Per 1,000,000 All States
Incidence Rate Of Leukemia Among Children Under 15 Per 1,000,000 All States
Esquema de Publicación Contraloría General de Santiago de Cali
El Esquema de Publicación de Información es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014.
Provider of Services File - CLIA - September 2020
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (156MB in CSV). The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
New York State School Aid: Beginning School Year 1996-97
This data set includes school aid data beginning school year 1996-97 by county, school district, Basic Educational Data System (BEDS) code and aid category.
EJE ESTRATEGICO SANTANDER LIBRE DE DROGAS
META: Mantener a Santander libre de cultivo ilícitos garantizando la disminución de sitios de expedidos y realizando el acompañamiento social.
FOIA Request Log - Chicago Police Board
FOIA requests received by the Chicago Police Board as of May 1, 2010
Bright Green Future Grant Data
Bright Green Future Grants is a competitive program that provides funding for school-based sustainability projects up to $3,000. The program was designed to recognize and support innovative projects that will inspire students to become lifelong environmental stewards. This data set includes information about the schools and projects awarded, as well as the project outcomes and funding dollar amounts.
Edmontonians' Assessment: Well-designed Attractive City
Edmontonians’ Assessment: Well-designed Attractive City measures the percentage of respondents to the Edmontonians’ Perception Survey who agree or strongly agree that Edmonton is a well-designed, attractive city. A third-party vendor conducts the survey by telephone.
Lista de  droguerías y farmacias   en Mocoa
Base de datos de droguerías y farmacias, presentes en el municipio de Mocoa.
Escenarios Deportivos De La Virginia
Escenarios_deportivos_de_La_Virginia
Age Distribution (CV)
</p><p><a href="https://usc.data.socrata.com/stories/s/Learn-More-Age-Distribution-CV-/cxt3-e7tr//" target="_blank"><b>Learn More</b></a></p>
Syracuse Police Crime Data
Syracuse Police Crime Data
Millwork_Commercial-MultiRes_SquareFeet
Historic Millwork District - square feet of Commercial & Multi-residential space.
Federal And State Motor Fuel Taxes T 3.22 2014
Federal And State Motor Fuel Taxes T 3.22 2014
2007 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
2007 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
Hurto Personas  en el Departamento de Norte de Santander
En este datasets se encontraran todos los hurtos a personas registrados en cada uno de los municipios del departamento de Norte de Santander en el años 2015.
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACIÓN ANTIOQUIA OCTUBRE 2019
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de octubre de 2019 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia.
Inventario Activos De Informacion Público de Central de Inversiones S.A.
En este documento se encuentra el inventario de activos de información público que corresponde al tipo de activo información que es almacenada o procesada física o electrónicamente por CISA y es de carácter publico para los ciudadanos
Strategic Measure_EOA.C.1
This dataset supports measure EOA.C.1 of SD23 Data Source: U.S. Census Calculation: No Calculation data comes directly from the source Measure Time Period: 2007-2018 Automated: No Date of Last description update: 04.01.2020  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/Percentage-of-households-that-are-housing-cost-bur/tevy-4u2b/
Hawaii Agricultural Good Neighbor Program RUP Use Reporting
Aggregate usage of Restricted Use Pesticides as reported through the Hawaii Agricultural Good Neighbor Program.
CONTRATISTAS POR DEPENDENCIA 2018-2
Contratos de trabajo administrativos por dependencia para el periodo 2018-2
Sales Rooms in Colorado
Sales rooms are permanent fixtures where beer, wine, or spirits are manufactured and sold on site. Data provided from the Colorado Department of Revenue (DOR) Liquor Enforcement Division.
Economic Free Reduced School Lunch by County WA
Data collected by the Child Nutrition Programs administered in the state of Washington by Child Nutrition Services, Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction. The eligibility criterion is 130 percent of the income poverty guidelines for free and 185 percent for reduced-price meals.
Longprofileidtable
InPort Dataset ID: 18016 InPort Entity ID: 46803 site/event information for side channel thalweg profiles in the Elwha River.
2010 Census/ACS Detailed Block Group Data
detailed characteristics of people and housing for individual 2010 census block groups
Open and Closed Businesses During Covid-19 Pandemic
A list of retail stores, restaurants, personal services and other businesses open and closed during the COVID-19 pandemic.  Also indicates if business is offering delivery, pick up or on-line sales.
WDFW-Hatchery Adult Salmon Returns
This dataset are records of Adult Salmon that have returned to hatchery facilities.  The events are separated into categories which include the number of fish handled.  Event categories include Adult Receive, Trap Estimate, Adult Plant, Adult Ship, Adult Mortality, Adult Surplus, Eggtake, and Parent Spawn.  Adult events are recorded by date and include counts of adults and jacks, where applicable.  Event details include species, run, brood year, sex of fish, and mark and tag information.
ARCHIVED - DCL 3.4 Operations With a Non-Abuse/Neglect Investigation by Operation Type and County FY08-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
Farmers Markets
This dataset contains Farmers Markets that are located within 100 km of Edmonton.  The source for the data is from the Government of Alberta, as per their Open Data site.  Information about the Alberta Approved Farmers' Market Program  Data supplied by the Government of Alberta  Source link: https://open.alberta.ca/opendata/alberta-approved-farmers-markets  Usage/Licence as per Government of Alberta: http://open.alberta.ca/licence
Salaries: ESD: Wallowa: Fiscal Year 2014
Salaries for Wallowa ESD for Fiscal Year 2014
Mayor's Expense Report
January 1, 2014 - June 30, 2020.  For information on other expense categories, refer to the Mayor's Meeting Expenses dataset (https://data.edmonton.ca/d/4e5k-hg84).
T2 VMT
Daily vehicle miles traveled for all Santa Monica trips within the traffic model area. VMT per capita is calculated using total population and employment.
Approved Fiscal Revenues
The dataset details all revenue by agency, fund type, and fund. The revenue schedules include data for the following County agencies: MCG, Debt Service, MCPS, Montgomery College, and M-NCPPC. Not included are: WSSC, HOC, and the Montgomery County Revenue Authority.
193- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 3.2
Social Services Performance Metrics Objective 3.2-Family Preservation, FY 2019 Proposed Budget.
Building Inspection Certificates Of Occupancy
The Dallas Development Code requires that "Except for single family and duplex uses, a person shall not use or change the use of a building, a portion of a building, or land without obtaining a certificate of occupancy from the building official."  A new CO is needed for: •The first use of land or a building  •A change of use of land or a building   •A change of tenant on an existing CO, or   •An existing use increases or decreases floor area
RAI Registro De Activos De Información
Registro de activos de información Alcaldía de Neiva, según ley 1712 e 2014
Collecting Public Feedback
Develop and implement a standard department wide consumer feedback mechanism by June 30, 2020.
Median Household Income
This Indicator measures median household income by the race/ethnicity of householders.
2019 Discharge of a Firearm Against a Dog
This dataset accounts for incidents where an APD officer discharged a firearm against a dog in 2019. It is a requirement for APD to annually post this information as a result of the 2017 settlement of the lawsuit of Reyes vs. the City of Austin.  AUSTIN POLICE DEPARTMENT DATA DISCLAIMER 1. The data provided are for informational use only and may differ from official APD crime data. 2. APD’s crime database is continuously updated, so reports run at different times may produce different results. Care should be taken when comparing against other reports as different data collection methods and different data sources may have been used. 3. The Austin Police Department does not assume any liability for any decision made or action taken or not taken by the recipient in reliance upon any information or data provided.
Docentes por facultad 2018-1
Estadisticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
Cifras de Víctimas por Hechos Municipal 2020
Cifras de Víctimas por Hechos Municipal 2020
National Smartphone Dependency
Smartphone Dependency (Pew Research Center January 12, 2017) http://www.pewinternet.org/fact-sheet/mobile/
Consejos Comunitarios De Base Afro
Datos de equipamientos de los consejos comunitarios que hay en todo el municipio de candelaria valle.
General Government Budget - Revenues
General Government budget-to-actual revenues for all funds since FY2011.
Building Permits: New Construction
List of permits for new building construction in Cambridge. This dataset derives from Cambridge's ViewPoint permitting system.
Presupuesto Ingresos 2018 del Municipio de Marinilla
Este conjunto de datos contiene los Ingresos del año 2018 del municipio de Marinilla
PD-Police Response Times
This is the average response time for calls of various severity, kept on a monthly basis.
Comparendos De Transito Primer Trimestre del año 2018 en el Municipio de Candelaria
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados la estadística de comparendos de transito en el primer trimestre del año.
Empresas de Transporte Neiva Huila
Empresas de Transporte Neiva Huila
NJ Private Inspection Facilities and Emission Repair Facilities
A re-upload of the Motor Vehicle Commission's "Vehicle Inspection Facility Locations" dataset to make a more user friendly map/visualization .   The original dataset can be found here: https://data.nj.gov/Transportation/Vehicle-Inspection-Facility-Locations/t6tk-mr48
Expenditures: ESD: Malheur: Fiscal Year 2014
A list of expenditures for Malheur Educational Service District for Fiscal Year 2014
Sensorica conductual Carrera 23 con calle 45 velocidad promedio vehículos
Resultado proceso de recolección de datos de sensorica conductual llevados a cabo en la Carrera 23 con calle 45 de Manizales considerando la velocidad de los vehículos.
Average Annual Number Of Cases Of Upper Limb Deficiencies Among Live Births Utah Counties
Average Annual Number Of Cases Of Upper Limb Deficiencies Among Live Births Utah Counties
Clima del Municipio de Aguazul - Casanare
Información básica del clima del Municipio de Aguazul
Fence Permits
A permit is required to install any type of fence in Montgomery County. Replacement of an existing fence, ORIGINALLY INSTALLED WITH A FENCE PERMIT, with the same kind of fence in the same location at the same height, does not require a fence permit. If an existing fence was not installed with a fence permit, the replacement fence must have a fence permit. Update Frequency : Daily
Los Angeles County Civic Art Collection
The County's collection is comprised of contemporary and historic permanent public artworks located on County property. The breadth of the collection includes artworks that have been donated to the County, artworks commissioned under the auspices of the Board of Supervisors and various County Departments, pilot projects managed by the Los Angeles County Arts Commission that led to the establishment of the Civic Art Program, and artworks created since the 2005 launch of the new Civic Art Program. The Arts Commission is responsible for managing assessing the condition of all public artworks in the County collection.
Utah Population Estimates Natural Increase Rate By County In Utah 1941-2011
Utah Population Estimates Natural Increase Rate By County In Utah 1941-2011
School Enrolment Data
Annual student enrolment from ECS to Grade 12 throughout Calgary. This data is a subset of the entire data for Alberta. The original dataset is on the Government of Alberta (https://open.alberta.ca/opendata) and Alberta Education website. (https://education.alberta.ca/)
NNDSS - Table II. Meningococcal disease to Pertussis
NNDSS - Table II. Meningococcal disease to Pertussis - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states or territory.    Note:    This table contains provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:    C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA:  Not Available.  NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.
EQUIPAMIENTOS ZONA URBANA- MUNICIPIO DE MANIZALES
Corresponde a la información establecida en el plano oficial del POT vigente 958 de agosto 02 de 2017- Municipio de Manizales-Plano U-12
County Hospitals
A list of hospitals and medical facilities within Prince George's County. This dataset is updated when changes are required.
Registro de Activos de Información Alcaldia San Roque
Registro de Activos de Información Alcaldía Municipal de San Roque
Institucoiones Educativas Rondón Boyacá
Datos básicos instituciones educativas
Veterans Health Administration 2008 Hospital Report Card - Quality of Care - Hospital Settings
<p>Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset defines the quality of care in defined hospital settings: Inpatient, Outpatient and Emergency Room.</p>
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Private Sector Survey 2019 - Module F Horticulture Sales
This data asset contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2019 annual results survey of private sector firms assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using one level of stratification, firm type. Firms were selected from five different categories: Processor, Buyer, Local input supplier, Regional input supplier, Finance provider, and Other service provider. In total, 321 firms were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic identifying data on the firm. Module B captures information on the proprietors. Modules C, D, E, F, G and H capture data on sales of products and services. Module I captures information on business practices. Module J captures information on production costs. Module K captures information on access to finance.
Percent of residents receiving nutritional assistance through CalFresh benefits from total estimated population below 125% of the federal poverty limit
Percent of residents receiving nutritional assistance through CalFresh benefits from total estimated population below 125% of the federal poverty limit. Human Services Agency performance measure 7220P  ID 389.
MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN, STATE FISCAL YEAR 2009
AVERAGE MONTHLY ASSISTANCE UNITS AND RECIPIENTS BY TOWN,   STATE FISCAL YEAR 2009   * Due to rounding some towns may not display a case but will display recipients.  This is due to most cases having more than one recipient and therefore when averaged,the recipient count will be .5 or higher, and be counted as 1. Note: Due to rounding, program and statewide totals may appear inaccurate.
Lugares de entretenimiento en el Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística lugares de entretenimiento en el Municipio de Chia 2018
Fixed Broadband Deployment Data: June, 2017 Status V1
Version 1 reflects data filed by the September 1, 2017 filing deadline and any revisions made before June 15, 2018. All facilities-based broadband providers are required to file data with the FCC twice a year (Form 477) on where they offer Internet access service at speeds exceeding 200 kbps in at least one direction. Fixed providers file lists of census blocks in which they can or do offer service to at least one location, with additional information about the service. Data Download Page: https://www.fcc.gov/general/broadband-deployment-data-fcc-form-477. Resources page: https://www.fcc.gov/general/form-477-resources-filers
Utah Licensed Medical Cannabis Pharmacies
This data set contains licensed medical cannabis pharmacies in Utah as of May 2020.
ADMITIDOS POR CENTRO TUTORIAL 2018-2
Estudiantes admitidos por cada centro tutorial incluida la Universidad sede Armenia
Oregon Growth Account
Within the Oregon Growth Account, investments are made in institutional investment vehicles and pre-institutional investment vehicles. Investments made in Fiscal Years 2016-2020. Visit www.oregongrowthboard.com for more information about the account.
Eastbound Tunnel and Bridge Traffic Annual Volume, Port Authority of NY NJ:  Beginning 2002
The Port Authority collects eastbound vehicle traffic volumes from its toll plazas at the six Port Authority vehicular crossings (i.e., George Washington Bridge, Holland Tunnel, Lincoln Tunnel, Goethals Bridge, Outerbridge Crossing and Bayonne Bridge).  This dataset contains annual eastbound traffic volumes for each crossing and for all Port Authority crossings combined, based on vehicles passing through Authority’s toll plazas, for each year from 2002 through 2012.  The dataset contains traffic volumes for three types of vehicles (autos, buses, trucks) for each year.
Indicadores de Hábitat y Territorio de Sabaneta
Presenta información de indicadores de hábitat y territorio en las temáticas de construcción, acceso a servicios públicos, medio ambiente, ordenamiento del territorio, transporte y movilidad, vivienda, entre otros.   Conozca estadísticas, indicadores y mapas sobre Sabaneta en el portal www.otsabaneta.org
Registro De J.A.C Urbanas Del Municipio De La Macarena
El municipio de La Macarena tiene en la actualidad (8) ocho barrios los cuales se encuentra legalmente constituido.
Accidentabilidad Municipio de Guadalajara de Buga 2016 / Accidentability Municipality of Guadalajara de Buga 2016
Casos reportados y atendidos por la secretaría de tránsito sobre la accidentabilidad durante el año 2016. / Cases reported and attended by the Secretary of Transit on accidentability during the year 2016.
Edmonton Region Non-residential Permits Value ($ in Millions)
Separating the data at the CMA and city levels offers a richer understanding of the non-residential investment being attracted to the region and the success of the City at competing for non-residential investment.
Mayor's Office of Housing and Community Development Affordable Rental Portfolio
Affordable rental housing developed in partnership with non-profit and private developers and financed by the Mayor’s Office of Housing and Community Development (MOHCD) and the Office of Community Investment and Infrastructure (OCII) through City Funding Agreements, Ground Leases, Disposition & Participation Agreements and Conduit Mortgage Revenue Bond Financing, as of December 31, 2019.
Office of Consumer Protection Permits And Licenses
Contains licensing  information for all solicitors and peddlers who register with the Office of Consumer Protection
Water Valve Maintenance
This data represents all information concerning valves maintained by the Water Resources department.
Datos de Operación Red Salud Casanare ESE -2018
Gestión de Datos de Operación - Red Salud Casanare ESE año 2018.
Hudson River Valley Greenway Land Trail Segments
A listing of trails designated as part of the Hudson River Trail System
Activos de Información
Instrumento de Gestión de Información Pública contenidos en el registro de Activos de Información
Transit Bus Reliability
This dataset contains Bus Ontime reliability ratings
Local Food - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the August 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1169&as=ai7DD6n1hk&t=1    Open from August 9 - 16, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6491 Insight Community Members. 2147 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 33%. A total of 2149 respondents completed the survey: 2147 Insight Community Members and 2 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Dedicación docentes de contrato 2019-1
Tiempo que dedican los docentes de contrato en la Universidad del Quindio
Industrial Development Agencies' Project Data
Industrial Development Agencies are required by section 859 of the General Municipal Law to submit annual financial statements, and are required by Section 2800 of Public Authorities Law to submit annual reports to the ABO. These statements include data concerning assistance provided and jobs created/retained for each project that receives financial assistance from the IDA. The dataset includes project data as reported by each IDA beginning with fiscal years ending in 2009.
Hospitales del Departamento de Sucre
Listado de los Hospitales del Departamento de Sucre, así cómo los detalles de cada uno.
PSP FY16 REC Schedule B1
PSP FY16 REC Schedule B1
7/1/13 - 6/30/15 Secretary Of State Financial Accounting   (Final)
This report includes all Secretary of State non-payroll expenditures  for the 2013-2015 budget (July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2015) that have been recorded as of August 1, 2017.
Firearm Discharges by Law Enforcement Agency Data
Dataset showing shots fired by law enforcement. Dataset is organized by law enforcement agency. Details include incident reason given, number of shots fired, number of wounded and number of fatalities.
Choose Maryland:  Compare Counties - Taxes
Taxation - income tax, property tax, exemptions, enterprise zones.
Public Wi-Fi in Pedestrian Corridors and Public Computer Centers
The Public Wi-Fi in Pedestrian Corridors and Public Computer Centers dataset is an analysis of Public Wi-Fi hotspots in pedestrian corridors (zones of commercial activity in each neighborhood that attract the greatest numbers of people and local businesses) and Public Wi-Fi hotspots in the City's public computer centers.
Tax Lien Sale Lists
Properties with tax and/or water liens that are potentially eligible to be included in the next lien sale.</p>Tax Lien Sale Lists : Properties with tax, water liens and other charges  that are potentially eligible to be included in the next lien sale plus tax liens which were eventually sold.
Community Development Permits Issued
Permits issued by the Community Development department since 1999.
2012 Census - Population By School Residency (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Parks, Pathways, Preserves Locations - Marin County Parks
Location List of parks, pathways, and preserves managed by Marin County Parks.
Local Law 44 Disqualified List
A list of contractors and subcontractors who are ineligible for inclusion on any HPD prequalified list(s) for housing development projects due to a failure to provide the wage reporting information required by Local Law 44 of 2012 (LL44). Information about LL44 is available on HPD’s LL44 webpage: http://www1.nyc.gov/site/hpd/developers/transparency-ll44.page
E-rate Request for Discount on Services: Basic Information (FCC Form 471 and Related Information)
This dataset contains data from the basic information section of each FCC Form 471, including applicant details such as contact information, applicant type, Billed Entity Number (BEN), student count, dollars, and category of service, as well as related information from the E-rate Productivity Center (EPC).
Calls for Service 2018
This dataset reflects incidents that have been reported to the New Orleans Police Department in 2018. Data is provided by Orleans Parish Communication District (OPCD), the administrative office of 9-1-1 for the City of New Orleans. In the OPCD system, NOPD may reclassify or change the signal type for up to 36 hours after the incident is marked up. For information about an incident after this time period, citizens may request police reports from the NOPD Public Records Division.  In order to protect the privacy of victims, addresses are shown at the block level and the call types cruelty to juveniles, juvenile attachment and missing juvenile have been removed in accordance with the Louisiana Public Records Act, L.R.S. 44:1.  Map coordinates (X,Y) have been removed for the following call types: Aggravated Rape, Aggravated Rape - MA, Crime Against Nature, Mental Patient, Oral Sexual Battery, Prostitution, Sexual Battery, Simple Rape, Simple Rape - Male V, and Soliciting for Prost.    Please request 911 audio via our public records request system here: https://nola.nextrequest.com.    Disclaimer: These incidents may be based upon preliminary information supplied to the Police Department by the reporting parties that have not been verified. The preliminary crime classifications may be changed at a later date based upon additional investigation and there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. Therefore, the New Orleans Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information and the information should not be used for comparison purposes over time. The New Orleans Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of New Orleans or New Orleans Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the New Orleans Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Any use of the information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. The unauthorized use of the words "New Orleans Police Department," "NOPD," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the New Orleans Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use.
Mamiferos Vereda El Rosal Puerres Nariño
Datos obtenidos del Estudio Biofísico Socioeconómico y Ambiental para la Declaratoria como Área Protegida del Ecosistema de Alta Montaña del Cerro Negro - San Francisco para la Conservación de la Biodiversidad y Regulación del Recurso Hídrico dentro del Corredor Andino Amazónico.
VDH-COVID-19-PublicUseDataset-Cases_By-Race-Ethnicity
This dataset includes the cumulative (total) number of COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, and deaths for each health district in Virginia by report date and by race and ethnicity. This dataset was first published on June 15, 2020. When you download the data set, the dates will be sorted in ascending order, meaning that the earliest date will be at the top. To see data for the most recent date, please scroll down to the bottom of the data set.
Afiliación Regimen Subsidiado Por EPS 1er Semestre 2016
Afiliación Regimen Subsidiado por EPS 1er Semestre 2016
San Juan County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014 FINAL
The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org).  The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
Cook County Clerk - Taxing Agencies with Tax Rates - 2010
This dataset is now depricated in favor of: https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/Property-Taxation/Cook-County-Clerk-Tax-Agency-Rates/9sgn-ibhu. Cook county taxing agencies and their final 2010 tax rates.
DOF: Cooperative Comparable Rental Income – Staten Island – FY 2009/2010
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
Global Container Vessel Fleet and Spot Rates
This dataset combines annual global container vessel fleet data from Drewry Shipping Insight and average annual ocean container freight rates from the Port of Los Angeles, CA, to Shanghai, China, from the Drewry Container Freight Rate Insight.
Cook County Clerk - Tax Agency Rates
Tax Agency rates for Tax Years 2006 through 2013. Data is updated yearly. For more information on Tax agencies visit the Cook County Clerk's website at: http://www.cookcountyclerk.com/tsd/Pages/default.aspx
Recreation and Parks Recreational Licensed Childcare Totals: Spring 2017
Recreation and Parks Recreational Licensed Childcare Totals for Spring 2017
NACIDOS VIVOS PRIMER SEMESTRE DEL AÑO 2019
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados este Conjunto de Datos que puede visualizar los Nacidos Vivos del primer semestre del año 2019.
2017 - 2019 Youth & Young Adult Division Employment Services
Dataset shows employment services provided to Youth & Young Adult Division clients in 2017 - 2019. Additional services to help clients obtain stability in employment are not included in this set. Additional services include assisting clients with: transportation, childcare enrollment, obtaining health care, obtaining government issued IDs, obtaining criminal record services, obtaining GED, counseling referrals, etc.  Job readiness trainings, interview preparation, conflict resolution, and other services rendered to clients who participate in the Mayor's Summer Youth Employment Program are not reflected in this set.
2016-2017 Student Discipline Annual Report - GENDER
Student discipline annual report by gender aggregated by removals, principal and/or superintendent intervention and expulsions.
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Visible Minorities
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports visible minorities as identified by respondents. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Transportation Graffiti
Graffiti abated with location, date of abatement and square footage abated.Data is from October 2015 to present. Days to abatement information is calculated based on receipt during normal workday. See attachment for how "normal workday" information is calculated. Calculated workday request was received by the city staff. Normal workday is generally defined as M-Th excluding holidays.    Go to https://citylink.mesaaz.gov/Create to report graffiti or find the link to download an app for your mobile device that you can use to report graffiti.
Cost per mandatory CalWORKs Employment Services client
Cost per mandatory CalWORKs Employment Services client. Human Services Agency performance measure 7320P ID 419.
Cook County Clerk - Tax codes, agencies, and rates
This dataset shows what agencies are in a tax code for each tax year along with the agency and tax code rates. Data is updated yearly. For more information on Tax codes and Tax agencies visit the Cook County Clerk's website at: http://www.cookcountyclerk.com/tsd/Pages/default.aspx
Base de datos beneficiarios Colombia mayor.
Se encuentra relacionado la informacion básica de los adultos mayores beneficiarios del programa Colombia Mayor del municipio de El Castillo.
Mapa de escenarios deportivos en Sabaneta
Un escenario deportivo es toda instalación construida o adecuada para la práctica de un deporte determinado y legalmente reconocido por el Estado colombiano por intermedio de la autoridad competente respectiva incluyendo todas sus dependencias internas y externas y vías de ingreso y salida aledañas a dichos escenarios.  Fuente: INDESA - Instituto para el Deporte y la Recreación de Sabaneta.  Fecha: Agosto de 2019.  Términos de uso Información que puede ser utilizada por las entidades u organizaciones que autorice el Municipio de Sabaneta.
Publicaciones_E_Interacciones_Campaña_#DerechosQueSeCumplen
La campaña #DerechosQueSeCumplen invitó a los ciudadanos a escoger los temas de mayor interés para ser abordados por la Corte Constitucional durante su rendición de cuentas.
Construction Value FY 2009 - 2020
This is the construction values for each fiscal year as reported by applicants.Current fiscal year is lower because it is only year to the last complete month.
2017 Farm Tour
Participants in the annual farm tour
pln_rgn_state_xwalk [test]
Plan Finder dataset pln_rgn_state_xwalk [test], released on 2020-10-22.
DOP Adult Violations of Probation Disposed by Fiscal Year
The number of dispositions issued by local courts for "violation of probation" proceedings during the reporting period.  Categorized by type of disposition: jail (revocation); prison (revocation); restored (probation continued); terminated (probation sentence ended).
Bronx Private Or Parochial Schools
From the NYC.gov New York Facilities list. These are the private and Parochial schools in the Bronx. Refer to types: 1102, 1103, 1104, 1105, 1106, 1107, 1199
2019 Capital Improvement Program (CIP)
List of projects in the 2019 calendar year Capital Improvement Program (CIP)
Austin Animal Center Outcomes
Animal Center Outcomes from Oct, 1st 2013 to present.  Outcomes represent the status of animals as they leave the Animal Center.  All animals receive a unique Animal ID during intake.  Annually over 90% of animals entering the center, are adopted, transferred to rescue or returned to their owners.  The Outcomes data set reflects that Austin, TX. is the largest "No Kill" city in the country.    This data set replaces all previous Animal Center Outcomes data sets.
Michigan Real GDP as a % of US
Michigan Real GDP as a percentage of the U.S. Per Capita Real GDP total.  Michigan's rank among states is also included
2014 Primary Election Turnout Percentage By County
2014 Colorado primary election turnout listed by county
OD0009 Official School Enrolment from 1999
School Enrolments by School for a given school year
Fixed Broadband Deployment Data: December, 2015 Status
All facilities-based broadband providers are required to file data with the FCC twice a year (Form 477) on where they offer Internet access service at speeds exceeding 200 kbps in at least one direction. Fixed providers file lists of census blocks in which they can or do offer service to at least one location, with additional information about the service. Data Download Page: (https://www.fcc.gov/general/broadband-deployment-data-fcc-form-477. Resources page: https://www.fcc.gov/general/form-477-resources-filers
Average Annual Number Of Very Preterm Live Singleton Births Over 5 Year Period All States
Average Annual Number Of Very Preterm Live Singleton Births Over 5 Year Period All States
CONTRATACION ADMINISTRACIÓN 2016-2019
Procesos contractuales de la administración municipal de Oiba, para el periodo 2016-2019
1461P_Property Tax/Special Accounting
Performance measures dataset
Esquema de Publicación de la Información
Esquema de Publicación de la Información - Rioblanco Tolima
Instituciones Educativas-2
Educación Buenavista Quindío
Provider of Services File - OTHER - June 2020
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (156MB in CSV).  The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
LMISI - Michigan Union Membership
2008 - Present. Annual measures of union membership in Michigan. Dataset includes the total number of employed individuals in Michigan, the total number of individuals who hold union membership in Michigan, and the total number of individuals whose jobs are covered by a union or an employee association contract. Data provided by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the US Department of Labor. To find more union membership data, visit https://www.bls.gov/webapps/legacy/cpslutab5.htm.
City Health - Lead Exposure Risk
Lead Exposure Risk Index: Poverty-adjusted risk of housing-based lead exposure (index)
Average Annual Percent Of Very Preterm Live Births All States
Average Annual Percent Of Very Preterm Live Births All States
Iowa Median Household Income in the Past 12 Months (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains estimate for median household income in past 12 months for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Median household income is inflation adjusted based on last year in data collection period.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B19013.
WA RCO SCORP 2013 Dataset Part 2 of 7
This dataset is a survey of outdoor recreation demand which includes responses from 3,114 residents of Washington state who were interviewed by phone between August 27 and October 26, 2012. The telephone survey was conducted using random digit dialing.  To meet the regional planning requirements of the project, the sample was stratified by the 10 planning regions in Washington (see the 2013 SCORP Plan, Appendix A for survey methodology and map). The consultant obtained a minimum of 300 completed interviews in each region.  Within each region, the results were weighted by demographic characteristics so that the sample was representative of residents of that region.  For statewide results, each region was weighted to be in proper proportion to the state population as a whole.  Study findings are representative at the statewide level as well as by planning region.  Any manipulation or analysis of the data should take this sampling approach and weighting into account.
Total Buck Hunters Afield By Management Unit Utah 2004-2013
This data set includes total Buck Hunters afield by Management Unit in Utah 2004-2013
Executive Order 47 - Community and Ethnic Media Agency Ad Spend
Executive Order 47 - Community and Ethnic Media Agency Ad Spend provides data from Fiscal Year 2020 on City agency compliance with Executive Order 47 of 2019.
Servicios De Quimioterapia Declarados Por Prestadores Habilitados En El Valle Del Cauca  2018 Georeferenciado
servicios de quimioterapia declarados por prestadores habilitados en el valle del cauca georreferenciado
Test Assessing Secondary Completion (TASC) for NYCHA Residents by NYCHA Development- Local Law 163
This datasets contains information about NYCHA residents who passed the <a href="https://www1.nyc.gov/nyc-resources/service/1763/ged-or-tasc-test">Test Assessing Secondary Completion (TASC)</a> exam, exams that assess if an exam-taker has the required knowledge to receive a high school equivalency certification. This number only includes Pathways to Graduation students who passed TASC in given year. Pathways to Graduation is a full-time free program that helps students earn their High School Equivalency Diploma. Each row in the dataset represents the number of public housing residents on a public housing development-level who passed the TASC exam.  The dataset is part of the annual report compiled by the Mayor’s Office of Operations as mandated by the <a href="https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=2745761&GUID=2A9FB1D2-A1A8-4484-9D49-6F8332171B66">Local Law 163 of 2016</a> on different services provided to NYCHA residents. See other datasets in this report by searching the keyword “Services available to NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163” on the Open Data Portal.
Feed the Future Uganda Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence, Use of Agricultural Technologies
Feed the Future Uganda Interim Survey in the Zone of Infuence: This dataset (n=778, vars=237) is a country-specific module requested by the USAID/Uganda Mission regarding the use of agricultural technologies in the production of maize, beans and coffee.
pln_snt_ctgry_cst_shr_xwalk_smry [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_snt_ctgry_cst_shr_xwalk_smry [prod], released on 2020-10-22.
Assessor Parcels Data - 2006 thru 2019
Valuation and property description for parcels on the Assessor's annual secured assessment rolls 2006 thru 2019. The default sort is by ascending AssessorID and ascending RollYear within AssessorID.  This dataset excludes Cross Reference Rolls (89xx-series AssessorID).
LitterTRAK
This is data tracking the collection of trash and debris by County residents, community organizations and businesses during individual and group clean-up events.
School Cohort Graduation Rates: 2013
This dataset contains the 2013 four-year cohort graduation rates by school.   The Connecticut State Department of Education (CSDE) introduced the four-year cohort graduation rate with the graduating class of 2009. This approach was created when Connecticut and 49 other states signed an agreement with the National Governors’ Association to develop a uniform system for tracking students.  The four-year cohort graduation rate is calculated by tracking an individual cohort, or group of students, from their initial entrance into Grade 9 through to graduation. The four-year cohort graduation rate represents the percentage of students who earn a standard high school diploma within four years. The calculation uses individual student-level data from the state's Public School Information System (PSIS) that school districts submitted and superintendents certified.    Notes:   Double plus symbol (††) denotes not applicable;   Asterisk symbol (*) denotes fewer than six in a cohort is suppressed;  Out-placed students are counted only in district graduation calculation;  Row percentages may not add to 100 percent because of rounding;  District graduation rates may not be the same as the average of the graduation rates of the number schools in that district because of out-placed students.    Gov. Malloy: Graduation Rate Increases for Fourth Consecutive Year: http://www.governor.ct.gov/malloy/cwp/view.asp?A=4010&Q=545016  Cohort Graduation Rate Documentation:  http://www.sde.ct.gov/sde/lib/sde/PDF/EvalResearch/cohortgraddocumentation.pdf
Relación Indicadora de Programación de Solicitudes
Relación Indicadora de Programación de Solicitudes
2010-2011 School Closure Discharge Reporting Age - Borough
In June 2011, fifteen New York City public schools closed due to poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during 2010-2011 school year, according to the guidelines set by local law 2011/043.
ENTIDADES SUJETAS DE CONTROL
Entidades sujetas de control por parte de la Contraloría General del Cauca
Macedonia Public Opinion Survey (April 2016)
This survey of Macedonian public opinion was conducted on behalf of the International Republican Institute by the Brima market research firm.    Data was collected from April 19 to 25, 2016, using in-person, face-to-face methodology by trained professional interviewers.    A total of 1,104 interviews were completed, yielding an overall margin of error of plus or minus three percent at the midrange of the 95-percent confidence level. A nationally representative sample was based on a multistage stratification proportionate to population sample distribution, with a random selection of households and respondents. The response rate was 75 percent.
Comptroller - Annual Salaries - 2015 - November 24
Annual salaries paid to employees by the Cook County Comptroller as of November 24, 2015. This dataset does not include salaries for Cook County Forest Preserves.     This dataset is no longer updated. Newer data is available at https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/d/xu6t-uvny.    For 2014, see https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/d/hdna-35se.
Iowa Quarterly Census of Employment and Wage data (Statewide and County)
This dataset contains the quarterly employment and wage data for the counties and statewide by two and three-digit sector in Iowa. This data is a census collected from unemployment insurance-covered employment in the state of Iowa.
Police Arrest Charges
Dallas Police Public Data - RMS Arrest Charge
CPE Shape Data
Shape dataset for the Capital Projects Explorer
Gold Bar Trail Signs - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the July 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1089&as=Fz1YZ2114S&t=1    Open from July 12 - 19, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6468 Insight Community Members. 2500 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 39%. A total of 2537 respondents completed the survey: 2500 Insight Community Members and 37 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Estrato admitidos 2019-1
Estrato al cual pertenecen los estudiantes admitidos para el periodo 2019-1
ZONAS WIFI DATOS ABIERTOS
Datos de ubicación de las Zonas Wifi del municipio de Sabanagrande
1780P_Shared Services
Performance measures dataset
BB FY15 REC Budget Summary
FY15 CE Recommended Budget Book Budget Summary
Enfermedades Transmitidas Por Vectores en el Municipio de La Dorada
Este conjunto de datos, contiene información de las enfermedades transmitidas por vectores, como el dengue o el zika, en el municipio de La Dorada.
Saravena Arauca Servicios Públicos SUI 2018
Reporte de los Servicios Públicos, Acueducto, Alcantarillado y Aseo del Municipio de Saravena y que se reporta al Sistema Único de Información de la Superintendencia de Servicios Públicos
COVID-19 case rate per 100,000 population and percent test positivity in the last 14 days by town - ARCHIVE
As of 10/22/2020, this dataset is no longer being updated and has been replaced with a new dataset, which can be accessed here: https://data.ct.gov/Health-and-Human-Services/COVID-19-case-rate-per-100-000-population-and-perc/hree-nys2  This dataset includes a count and rate per 100,000 population for COVID-19 cases, a count of COVID-19 PCR diagnostic tests, and a percent positivity rate for tests among people living in community settings for the previous two-week period. Dates are based on date of specimen collection (cases and positivity).  A person is considered a new case only upon their first COVID-19 testing result because a case is defined as an instance or bout of illness. If they are tested again subsequently and are still positive, it still counts toward the test positivity metric but they are not considered another case.  These case and test counts do not include cases or tests among people residing in congregate settings, such as nursing homes, assisted living facilities, or correctional facilities.  These data are updated weekly and reflect the previous two full Sunday-Saturday (MMWR) weeks (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/MMWR_week_overview.pdf).  DPH note about change from 7-day to 14-day metrics:  Prior to 10/15/2020, these metrics were calculated using a 7-day average rather than a 14-day average. The 7-day metrics are no longer being updated as of 10/15/2020 but the archived dataset can be accessed here: https://data.ct.gov/Health-and-Human-Services/COVID-19-case-rate-per-100-000-population-and-perc/s22x-83rd  As you know, we are learning more about COVID-19 all the time, including the best ways to measure COVID-19 activity in our communities. CT DPH has decided to shift to 14-day rates because these are more stable, particularly at the town level, as compared to 7-day rates. In addition, since the school indicators were initially published by DPH last summer, CDC has recommended 14-day rates and other states (e.g., Massachusetts) have started to implement 14-day metrics for monitoring COVID transmission as well.    With respect to geography, we also have learned that many people are looking at the town-level data to inform decision making, despite emphasis on the county-level metrics in the published addenda. This is understandable as there has been variation within counties in COVID-19 activity (for example, rates that are higher in one town than in most other towns in the county).
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a FEBRERO de 2017
Reportes Financieros con corte a 28 de Febrero de 2017 de las entidades del sector solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Family-Led Care Study Dataset - Malawi
Assess implementation of the Family-Led Care model in Balaka district against its expected outcomes: improved quality of facility-based care for preterm/LBW babies; families empowered to successfully care for preterm/LBW babies at the facility and household level; and pathways between communities and facilities strengthened for follow up care of preterm/LBW babies. Caregiver (family) dataset.
PRESIDENTES DE JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE SANTIAGO PUTUMAYO
La información es de los presidentes de las Juntas de acción comunal del municipio de Santiago elegidas en el presente año para un periodo de cuatro años.
Assessor's Office Deleted Parcel List - 2017-2018
Parcels subdivided, merged or voided for the 2017-2018 roll.
Provider of Services File - OTHER - September 2019
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types. The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).  The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.
Street Centerline
Existing centerlines of streets within the Mesa planning area (won’t include recorded or permitted centerlines). Foundation for spatial-based priorities such as traffic counts/flow counts, traffic speeds, economic development, emergency response, etc. Data represents streets from the City’s inception and is continually updated as changes or additions are made.
CJFJC - Police Report Screened
The total number of police reports screened by a staff member at the Crystal Judson Family Justice Center.
Capital Grant Awards 2014
This list contains information on capital grants
Graduados
Graduados pertenecientes a la Institución Universitaria Colegio Mayor de Antioquia
Taxi Usage - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the September  2014 Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=86&t=1. Open from Sept 08 - 15, 2014. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 1291 Insight Community Members. 703 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 54%. A total of 919 respondents completed the survey: 703 Insight Community Members and 216 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Department of Motor Vehicle (DMV) Office Locations
This dataset contains the list of all Department of Motor Vehicle, (DMV), offices in NYS, with addresses, office hours, latitude and longitude coordinates, and phone numbers.
Instituciones De Educación Para El Trabajo Y El Desarrollo Humano
Directorio y posición Georeferenciada de las Instituciones Educativas No Formales y de Desarrollo Humano del Municipio de Palmira - Valle del Cauca
Sitios de interes de Santa Helena  de Opon
Conjunto de datos que contiene la ubicación de cada uno de los sitios de interes del Municipio de Santa Helena del Opón
Lobbyist - Municipal Questions
This dataset lists each municipal question a lobbyist reports. You can recreate the City Clerk's lobbyist database by downloading all lobbyist datasets on the data portal and view the complete data model of the lobbyist database here: https://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=293053
UCundinamarca -Registro de Activos de Información - Interacción Universitaria
Contiene el Registro de Activos de información de la Universidad de Cundinamarca del Proceso de Interacción Universitaria.
Patents by postcode 2010-14 (Standard and Innovation only)
The number of patents issued to resident persons or corporations of a city is an indicator of innovation, which is a result of the production and use of knowledge.     The patents counted in this indicator were 'standard' and 'innovation patents. Standard patents are granted only for inventions - in other words an invention that is not an obvious thing to do for someone with knowledge and experience in the technological field of the invention. The innovation patent is granted for an incremental advance on existing technology or knowledge that makes a substantial contribution to the working of the invention.
CorStat - Twitter Summary
Summary of social media statistics and metrics for the City of Corona's Twitter accounts. Data is provided by Sprout Social, a social media monitoring tool. <br> <b>Update Frequency:</b> Monthly<br> <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Oregon County Weed Control Programs
List of contact information for all County Weed Control Programs in Oregon.    See also https://data.oregon.gov/d/7bcd-yt35/data for Cooperative Weed Management Areas as well as which counties are served by each.
State Park Facility Points
The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP) oversees more than 250 state parks, historic sites, recreational trails, golf courses, boat launches and more,  encompassing nearly 350,000 acres, that are visited by 74 million people annually.  These facilities contribute to the economic vitality and quality of life of local communities and directly support New York’s tourism industry.  Parks also provide a place for families and children to be active and exercise, promoting healthy lifestyles.  The agency is responsible for the operation and stewardship of the state park system as well as advancing a statewide parks, historic preservation, and open space mission.
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2 2000
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2 2000
City of Albany Employee Earnings 2012
This dataset contains earning information for City employees in 2012.
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Soil/Water Conservation Dataset
This dataset contains information about practices around soil and water conservation. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
[ARCHIVED] Census Marital Status - Age Sex 2011
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.   This table reports marital status by age and sex. This data is sourced from the Census of Population. Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds.
Lista de Usos Prediales por Estrato 2018
Lista de Usos Prediales por  Estrato en el Periodo Comprendido entre Enero y Mayo de 2018
Maryland Ozone Exceedance Days in 2005
Maryland 8-Hour Ozone Concentrations Exceeding 2008 Health-Based Standard in ppb, Finalized Data.  In 2008 EPA set the ozone standard to 75 ppb.  High levels of ozone can cause health effects including increased asthma attacks and other respiratory effects.  You can get more information about the health effects at http://www.epa.gov/air/ozonepollution/.  This data set details which monitoring locations in Maryland exceeded the standard during the year and the maximum concentrations on the dates the standard was exceeded.  More information on Maryland's air quality monitoring is available at http://www.mde.state.md.us/programs/Air/AirQualityMonitoring/Pages/index.aspx.
Salud - Porcentaje de Nacidos Vivos con 4 o más Controles Prenatales, en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2010 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar el Porcentaje de Nacidos Vivos con 4 o más Controles Prenatales en Bolívar, por Municipios desde el año 2010 a 2018. Fuente Numerador: Número de Nacidos vivos que tuvieron 4 o más controles prenatales- Cubos SISPRO – EEVV- Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social – DANE. Fuente Denominador: Número de nacidos vivos  con la variable número de controles diligenciada - Cubos SISPRO – EEVV - Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social-DANE. Forma de Cálculo: Numerador/denominador*100 .
Dependencia administrativos 2019-1
Dependencia, oficina, programa en el cual se están desempeñando los funcionarios administrativos
Municipal Facility Utility Usage
Monthly municipal utility usage and cost
COM - Pierce County LinkedIn Engagement Rate
Utilize LinkedIn to recruit and promote Pierce County government.
USA SPENDING C&P B105 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAR2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA's determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Activos de la Información Charalá Santander
Activos de la Información Charalá Santander
Estimated Outstanding Student Loan Debt By State 2015
Estimated Outstanding Balance and Num From 4% sample of National Student Loan Data System.   For about 80% of borrowers, the state is where the borrower currently resides as reported by the borrower's loan servicer.  For about 16% of borrowers, the state is where the borrower resided when the borrower last applied for a loan.  For the 4% of borrowers where the residence of the borrower is missing, we used the state of the most recent institution the borrower attended.
Appeals Filed In 2018
A list of all appeals filed with the Civil Service Commission in 2018. This list includes both Civil Service Law Section 50 Disqualification Appeals and Civil Service Law Section 76 Disciplinary Appeals.
Food access
Tracking percentage of people increasing fruit and vegetable consumption
Percent of Connecticut Adults, High School Students, and Middle School Students Currently Smoking Cigarettes by Year
This tables provides the prevalence rates for currently smoking cigarettes among Connecticut adults (18+y), high school students, and middle school students by year.
Public Fishing Rights Parking Areas
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC)  maintains a network of Public Fishing Right parking areas along trout streams in New York. This dataset represents the locations and information about those parking areas. Links to PDF maps of the actual Public Fishing Rights along the streams are available as part of the data set.
Actividades de Salud por Estamento 2019-2
Actividades de imagenología y odontología
Sixth (6th) grade immunization data by school, 2015-2016
Washington sixth grade immunization rates by school for 2015-2016
Youth Admission and Discharge Demographics:  Beginning 2003
This dataset provides county-level demographic data (sex, adjudication, age, race/ethnicity, and service setting) for youth admitted to and discharged from the care and custody of the Office of Children and Family Services (OCFS) each year. Data are counted using a youth’s first admission or discharge in a calendar year. Admissions data are aggregate based on the responsible (court) county. Discharges data are aggregate based on the county of residence.
ADMITIDOS POR FACULTAD 2018-2
Estudiantes admitidos para cada una de las siente facultades de la Universidad del Quindio
Chlamydia trachomatis infection rate among females aged 15 to 24 years old (per 100,000), New Jersey: Beginning 2010
Rate: Number of newly reported chlamydia infections among female clinic patients aged15-24 per 100,000.    Definition: Rate of newly reported chlamydia trachomatis infections by diagnosis date per 100,000 females aged 15-19 years Prevalence: Proportion of clinic patients aged 15-24 years found to have chlamydia trachomatis.    Data Sources:  Division of HIV/AIDS, STD and TB Services, New Jersey Department of Health
Registro de Activos de Información
Registro de Activos de Información
SATISFACCIÓN GLOBAL DE LA ESE HOPISTAL SAN VICNETE DE PAUL
Promedio de satisfacción global  realizados  de la   E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque  de año   2018 de los municipios de Fómeque, Ubaque, Choachí, se logra evidenciar que se cuenta con un satisfacción del 88.0%, con la pregunta:” ¿recomendaría a sus familiares y amigos esta IPS?
All Payer Patient Safety Indicators (PSI) Area Measures by Patient County: Beginning 2009
The datasets contain hospital discharges counts (numerators, denominators, volume counts), observed, expected and risk-adjusted rates with corresponding 95% confidence intervals for Patient Safety Indicators generated using methodology developed by Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).    The PSIs are a set of indicators providing information on potential in hospital complications and adverse events following surgeries, procedures, and childbirth. The PSIs were developed by AHRQ after a comprehensive literature review, analysis of ICD-9-CM codes, review by a clinician panel, implementation of risk adjustment, and empirical analyses.    All PSI measures were calculated using Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (SPARCS) inpatient data beginning 2009.  US Census data files provided by AHRQ were used to derive denominators for county level (area level) PSI measures.    The mortality, volume and utilization measures PSIs are presented by hospital as rates or counts. Area-level measures are presented by county as rates.
Holiday Giving Project Referrals
This dataset shows the number of referrals for assistance through the Holiday Giving Project. The Holiday Giving Project provides Thanksgiving and December holiday assistance to low-income households. A network of social workers, school counselors, and other human service professionals refer families and individuals in need of holiday assistance. Local non-profit agencies, faith-based organizations, service organizations and government agencies come together each year to form the Holiday Giving Project (HGP) Coalition. Member agencies of the HGP Coalition work both collaboratively and independently as local neighborhood coordinators distributing food, gift cards, and toys that come from private and public donations. This dataset provides information on the number of households referred by the program and matched to a coalition member for service based on the household’s zip code. The dataset additionally provides statistics on the number of children and the total number of household members living in the referred households.  Note that zip codes with a very small number of referrals have been grouped together. Also note that a number of unmatched households were served through a final County-wide open house event that is not reflected in the dataset. Update frequency:  Annually
Maryland Statewide Vehicle Crashes: CY2018 Quarter 3
This file contains the crash data for Maryland from July 2018 through August 2018.  Data is accurate as of the creation of the data.  Only Approved Crash reports have been included in the file.
LISTA DE JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE TESALIA - HUILA
LISTADO DE LAS JUNTAS CONFORMADAS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE TESALIA CON SUS RESPECTIVOS PRESIDENTES Y NUMERO DE SOCIOS
Kaysville City Property Tax Values 2004-2013
This data set contains estimated property tax values for Kaysville City from 2004-2013.
Entidades vigiladas Contraloría de Manizales
Relación de entidades vigiladas por la Contraloría General del Municipio de Manizales.
Resolutions
All resolutions adopted by the County Board are available in this dataset.
Barry Square-Small-Business-Data
Data provided by the Community & Small Business Development Division of Development Services.  Updated Annually.
New Business List - October
Businesses registered with the Secretary of State Corporation Division during the month of October.
Percentage of Adults Who Report Driving After Drinking Too Much (in the past 30 days), 2012 & 2014, Region 6 - Dallas
Source: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 2012, 2014.
Fenced Dog Parks
Locations of the fenced dog parks across Canberra.
BODEGAS DISTRIBUIDORAS  - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
CENSO DE BODEGAS DISTRIBUIDORAS EXISTENTES EN LA CIUDAD DE TUNJA - Alcaldía de Tunja
Building and Safety Inspections
All permitted construction work are subject to inspection by authorized Building and Safety inspectors. The permit applicant notifies Building and Safety when the work is ready for inspection. Common items inspected include foundation excavations, concrete work, wood framing, ventilation equipment, plumbing, electrical, and so forth. Upon completion, there will be a final inspection and approval of the completed project.
Spending Disclosure - Fiscal Year 2014
The purpose of this Spending Disclosure FY14 dataset is to allow the public to search and view summary information on payments made to recipients (referred to as suppliers) that received $25,000 or more in a fiscal year. Note that salary and benefit payments to employees, pension payments to retirees, and any information that is confidential under State or Federal law is excluded from disclosure.
Childhood Lead Poisoning Annual Blood Levels Number Children Tested 2000-2012 Utah Counties
Childhood Lead Poisoning Annual Blood Levels Number Children Tested 2000-2012 Utah Counties
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 4, Table 6
Any breastfeeding (%), infants presenting at ACT MACH immunisation clinics, by age (completed calendar month), 2011–12 to 2016–17.  Note: The data for this indicator is obtained only from clients who attend MACH clinics for their immunisations and does not include clients who visit GPs or other health services for immunisations and therefore is only representative of a proportion of ACT infants. Trend data may differ from those previously published due to data revisions.
Registro de Activos De Información Año 2018
Contiene los activos que tienen valor para la entidad los cuales se deben proteger y hacer buen uso de los mismos.
Historical IFC Financial Clients’ Reach Data
Lack of access to financial services is a key barrier to the growth of micro, small, medium enterprises (MSMEs). IFC is working to develop solutions to close the MSME financing gap. By partnering with many types of financial intermediaries, including microfinance institutions (MFIs), commercial banks, leasing companies, and private equity funds, IFC reaches many more small and medium enterprises (SMEs) than it could directly.
Somerville_CriminalIncidents
Contains data on selected criminal incidents from Somerville Police Department dating back to 2015. Data has been anonymized to protect privacy.
Holacracy - People Participating
Unique people participating in the Holacracy experiment at WaTech.
2016 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Renewable Energy Renaissance Zones
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to https://transparency.michigan.gov/Michigan-Economic-Development-Corporation/2016-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report-Final/gdux-qms2/data?firstRun=true
Underground Water Levels Sherwood Hills Landslide, Provo B-4
This data set contains Groundwater Monitoring Data acquired through the West Desert Groundwater Monitoring-Well Project (including Snake Valley) and other projects.
Ethics Pledge
On May 16, 2011, Mayor Emanuel enacted Executive Order 2011-1.  It requires Shakman-exempt employees of Executive Departments, department heads, non-clerical employees of the Mayor's Office, and persons appointed by the Mayor to City boards, commissions, authorities or agencies on or after May 16, 2011, to sign an Ethics Pledge http://bit.ly/mSkLU1. On July 28, 2011, this requirement was enacted into law by the City Council, as Section 2-156-015 of the Governmental Ethics Ordinance (effective September 8, 2011) http://bit.ly/qYti7P. The law requires new hires or appointees to sign the pledge within 14 days of starting their employment or appointments.  The pledge obligates signers to abide by a ban on lobbying activity for two years after their City service ends.  The Board of Ethics maintains these signed pledges.  As a convenience, we are pleased to attach a list of persons who have signed this pledge.  This list is sortable by name and department.
Life Expectancy By Zip Code Data
Dataset showing life expectancy at birth in years by zip code. Ramsey County Policy and Planning analysis of data from death certificates filed in the county from 1994 - 2015. Some area life expectancy calculations are suppressed due to insufficient data.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Reported Line Item Expenditures by Month of Elderly Abuse and Prevention Contracted Providers
Reported Expenditures of Line Items by Month of registered and contracted agencies providing Elderly Abuse and Prevention Services.
Current Spearfishing Record Fish By Species Utah 2007
Current Spearfishing Record Fish By Species Utah 2007
Montgomery Cable Schedule
Daily programming guide    Update Frequency:  Weekly
DIRECTORIO DE INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS NO OFICIALES DEL MUNICIPIO DE SINCELEJO PRIMER SEMESTRE 2019
Directorio de las Instituciones Educativas No Oficiales del Municipio de Sincelejo que se encontraron activas durante el primer semestre del año 2019.
Listado de instituciones y sedes educativas del Departamento del Cauca
Listado de instituciones y Sedes Educativas del Departamento
Strategic Measure_Percentage of residents ≥ age 65 (Male vs Female) who received a core set of preventive clinical services in the past 12 months
This data shows the percentage of individuals over age 65+ who have received all of a grouping of preventative health services in Travis County and in Texas by year and sex.  The data is based of off self reported survey data from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/HE-B-2Percentage-of-residents-age-65-who-received-/e3da-kvkn/
Nuisance Violations
The Code Enforcement section investigates and works to resolve nuisance complaints. This dataset captures the number of violations each quarter and the number that are resolved.
Real Gross Domestic Product By State And NAICS 1997 2012
Real Gross Domestic Product By State And NAICS 1997 2012
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada - Fiscalía General de la Nación
El Índice de información clasificada y reservada es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por la entidad, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada. Fue actualizado mediante Resolución DPD 010 del 02 de diciembre de 2019.
Concejales Del Municipio De Ponedera Atlántico
En el siguiente listado encontrará los nombres, apellidos  y los partidos políticos de los concejales del municipio de Ponedera Atlántico, para el período 2016-2019.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of November 2017.</p>
Transparency – Utah Local Government Revenue 2009
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
INFORME DE PROCESOS DE LA ARGENTINA HUILA CON CORTE AL 8 DE AGOSTO DE 2019
Informe sobre los procesos judiciales contra la entidad de la alcaldía de La Argentina Huila
Section C Changes in Stock of Cattle in the Last 12 Months
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
Tree Insects & Other Pests
This dataset shows the pesticide treatment activity of the Tree Insects & Other Pests Management Program.  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/environmental_stewardship/public-notice-of-pesticide-programs.aspx
COMUNIDAD INDÍGENA CABILDOS Y RESGUARDOS EN EL MUNICIPIO DE ORITO
Comunidad indígena cabildos y resguardos en el Municipio de Orito
2016 - 2017 Health Education Instructor Report
New York City Department of Education 2016 - 2017 Health Education Instructor Report Local Law 15 (2016) requires that the NYCDOE provide citywide Health Education Instructor data, disaggregated by community school district, city council district, and each individual school Data reported in this report is from the 2016-17 school year. This report provides the number of licensed full- time and part-time instructors, the number of instructors assigned to teach at least one health education class, the number and percentage of instructors who received professional development training and the total number and percentage of instructors attending multiple sessions of professional development. Data is reported from the 2016-17 school year.
FY2014 Renaissance Zone Annual Report - Geo Renaissance Zone - Community Specific Subzones
This table is generated off of a report for the Michigan legislature. To see the full report and footnotes, go to   https://transparency.michigan.gov/dataset/FY-2014-Renaissance-Zone-Annual-Report/5ihe-rmwc
Project Level HUD Data Utah 2011
Picture of Subsidized Households describes households living in HUD-subsidized housing in Utah. This data set provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents in Utah, summarized at the state, public housing agency (PHA), project, census tract, county, Core-Based Statistical Area and city levels as downloadable files
All City Funds - FY18
Balance of all Funds for the City of Los Angeles for Fiscal Year 2018. Includes General Fund, Reserve Fund, Budget Stabilization Fund, and Special Funds.  For up-to-date figures, please view the All City Funds dataset at https://controllerdata.lacity.org/Audits-and-Reports/All-City-Funds/ej7u-di9z/data
Cobertura de Vacunas
La siguiente base de datos contiene la cobertura de vacunación en el Municipio de Santa Isabel desde el año 2012 al 2016
Provider Table December 2018
Summary data of fixed broadband coverage by geographic area
Estaciones de servicio municipio de Guadalajara de Buga / Service stations municipality of Guadalajara de Buga
Guadalajara de Buga cuenta con 15 estaciones de servicio las cuales se encuentran distribuidas sobre la ruta nacional 25, comúnmente llamada troncal de occidente y la calle 1 y carrera 12 entre las calles 2 sur y 2a sur. Cuentan con diferentes productos servicios y beneficios para la atención de la comunidad. /Guadalajara de Buga has 15 service stations which are distributed on the national route 25, commonly called trunk of the West and the street 1 and race 12 between the streets 2 south and 2a south. They have different products, services and benefits for the attention of the community.
Producción Agrícola consolidada en el 2016
La siguiente base de datos contiene la producción agrícola para el periodo 2011-2015 consolidada en el 2016 en el Municipio de Santa Isabel Tolima
Salt Lake County Census Tract Public Health Indicators
This data set contains public health indicators at the census tract level.  These data were provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Division of Population Health, Epidemiology and Surveillance Branch.  This dataset includes 2017, 2016 model-based small area estimates for 27 measures of chronic disease related to unhealthy behaviors (5), health outcomes (13), and use of preventive services (9).
Matricula Vehículos
Número de vehículos matriculados en el municipio de Rionegro por tipo y por año
Tasas de homicidios según municipios
Tasa de homicidios en el departamento del Quindío segmentado por municipios desde 1990 hasta el 2016
Reunifications by SFY, DCF Office, Race and Length of Stay
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of children that exited DCF care to be Reunified with a parent/guardian from whom they had been removed.  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, by their Age Group, and by whether they had been Reunified within 12 months of their entry to care or not.  It would be appropriate to roll up the data from all variables across multiple time periods, as they represent specific events in the lives of these children.  Please note that these figures do not represent unique children, and so should not be used as the basis for creating a rate based on the child population of the state.  These data form the basis of measurement for the Juan F. Consent Decree Exit Plan Outcome #7: Reunification Within 12 Months, although those figures are reported to the DCF Court Monitor on a quarterly rather than annual schedule.
INVENTARIO BIENES INMUBLES MUNICIPIO DE ANGOSTURA
BASE DE DATOS DEL INVENTARIO BIENES INMUBLES MUNICIPIO DE ANGOSTURA
DEQ Portland Metro Vehicle Inspection Stations
DEQ VIP Station Location
Población juntas de acción comunal Municipio de Pasto a marzo del 2019
Población de Juntas de acción comunal Municipio de Pasto
Capital Projects Spending
Colorado Springs Capital Projects Spending  Monthly export from City Accounting
Electricity Generation By Source In Maryland (utility scale)
The energy source for utility-scale electricity generated in Maryland. Numbers are in megawatt-hours (MWh). Note that Maryland imports some electricity from out-of-state generators. Data comes from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
USA SPENDING LGY B114 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS MAY2019
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located.</p>
ARCHIVED - DCL 3.4 Operations With an Abuse/Neglect Investigation by Operation Type and County FY08-FY17
Day Care Licensing (DCL) was transferred from DFPS to HHSC September 1, 2018.  This data set includes Fiscal Years 2008-2017 only.  Check with HHSC for more recent data.
DDS Individuals on a Medicaid Waiver as of 9/30/16
This chart shows the number of DDS individuals on a Medicaid Waiver as of the last day of each quarter in a State Fiscal Year. This information is broken out by the region and type of placement in which they were residing on that day.
KC BizCare
Monthly Report of KC BizCare traffic.
Base Listado Barrios Y Veredas Con Sus Presidentes De Junta Municipio de Lejanias Meta
listado de barrios y veredas del municipio de lejanías incluido representante y teléfono de contacto
Fichas La Guajira - Hatonuevo
Si tienes un proyecto social o una idea de negocio, el Fondo CISAL, es un fondo concursable de financiamiento y un proceso de asistencia técnica que busca encontrar oportunidades sostenibles en tu comunidad.
Brownfields Programs
Grants and loans from the Brownfields Program for Fiscal Years 2019-2020 under ORS 285A.185, 285A.188, 285A.190, and 285A.192. This program assists individuals, non-profit organizations, and local governments with financing to evaluate, cleanup, and redevelop brownfields. For more information visit https://www.orinfrastructure.org/Infrastructure-Programs/Brownfields/
Austin Energy Customer Counts by Customer Class
Austin Energy has four main customer classes: residential, commercial, industrial, and other.     Residential customers live in single-family dwellings, mobile homes, townhouses, or individually metered apartment units.     The majority of commercial customers are small to large businesses that fall under Austin Energy’s secondary level of service. This means Austin Energy owns, operates, and maintains the equipment (wires, transformers, etc.) supplying power to those facilities.     Industrial (Primary) customers take service at high voltage (12,500 volts or higher) and own, operate and maintain their own equipment. Consequently, Austin Energy experiences lower overall system losses and it costs less to serve these customers. Large commercial and industrial customers such as semiconductors, high-tech facilities, and data centers typically fall under the primary level of service. These customers have very high usage and load factors because they tend to operate 24/7.     The final class, other, typically refers to street lighting and facilities such as ballparks.
FY2014 F65 Township Part 1
F-65 Data Summary Townships Part 1 2014
2017 Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Bloodstream Infection (BSI) Laboratory-Identified (LabID) Events Table – Critical Access Hospitals
Oregon hospitals report facility-wide MRSA BSIs as part of Oregon’s mandatory healthcare-associated infections reporting program. For information regarding standardized infection ratio baselines, please see https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/2015rebaseline/index.html
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2010
Natural Gas Plant Operations In Utah T4.12 2010
Primary Hypertension
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Personal de Planta Administracion Municipal
Relacion de Personal de Planta de la Administracion Municipal de Armero Guayabal-Tolima
AFSC/ABL: Genetic stock identification of sockeye salmon captured near Unalaska Island - 1998
This study is part of the Auke Bay Laboratoryb??s Ocean Carrying Capacity (OCC) which has extensively sampled salmon in the North Pacific since 1996 to obtain information on marine life history and migration patterns. Genetic stock identification techniques (protein electrophoresis) indicated that Bristol Bay stocks of immature sockeye salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka) made up the largest percentage in two samples taken near Unalaska Island in 1998. The substantial numbers of immature sockeye salmon captured at Cape Cheerful during May 1998 were unexpected, based on current migration models of western Alaska sockeye salmon. Immature sockeye constituted the largest percentage of our immature salmon catch captured at Cape Prominence during August 1998. This was also unexpected since immature chum salmon (O. keta) were the predominant catch during August 1996 and 1997 at the same location. These unexpected events may be due to changes in distribution resulting from the strong El NiC1o event during 1997-1998.
Annual Average Ambient Concentrations Of PM 2.5 In Micrograms Per Cubic Meter Utah
Annual Average Ambient Concentrations Of PM 2.5 In Micrograms Per Cubic Meter Utah
Authorizations
Annual Debt Transparency Report (ADTR) Authorization. Data related to the amount of debt authorized, available, and issued during the fiscal year. These debt issues are subject to annual reporting under California Government Code section 8855(k).
Families & Education Levy III Expenditures
Families & Education Levy III		  Projected Expenditures for seven-year levy (Original Plan)		    7-year levy (2nd half of 2005 through 1st half of 2012)		  Levy programs increase 1 1/2%/year once program is fully ramped up		  Levy admin is capped at 5%/year		  Crossing Guard program expires mid-2008
Convenios internacionales
Convenios existentes entre las Unidades Tecnológicas de Santander y universidades de otros países, para la realización de prácticas y estudios de sus estudiantes, docentes y administrativos.
Chicago Public Schools - Progress Report Cards (2011-2012)
This dataset shows all school level performance data used to create CPS School Report Cards for the 2011-2012 school year. Metrics are described as follows (also available for download at http://bit.ly/uhbzah): NDA indicates "No Data Available." SAFETY ICON: Student Perception/Safety category from 5 Essentials survey // SAFETY SCORE: Student Perception/Safety score from 5 Essentials survey // FAMILY INVOLVEMENT ICON: Involved Families category from 5 Essentials survey // FAMILY INVOLVEMENT SCORE: Involved Families score from 5 Essentials survey // ENVIRONMENT ICON: Supportive Environment category from 5 Essentials survey // ENVIRONMENT SCORE: Supportive Environment score from 5 Essentials survey // INSTRUCTION ICON: Ambitious Instruction category from 5 Essentials survey // INSTRUCTION SCORE: Ambitious Instruction score from 5 Essentials survey // LEADERS ICON: Effective Leaders category from 5 Essentials survey // LEADERS SCORE: Effective Leaders score from 5 Essentials survey // TEACHERS ICON: Collaborative Teachers category from 5 Essentials survey // TEACHERS SCORE: Collaborative Teachers score from 5 Essentials survey // PARENT ENGAGEMENT ICON: Parent Perception/Engagement category from parent survey // PARENT ENGAGEMENT SCORE: Parent Perception/Engagement score from parent survey // AVERAGE STUDENT ATTENDANCE: Average daily student attendance // RATE OF MISCONDUCTS (PER 100 STUDENTS): # of misconducts per 100 students//AVERAGE TEACHER ATTENDANCE: Average daily teacher attendance // INDIVIDUALIZED EDUCATION PROGRAM COMPLIANCE RATE: % of IEPs and 504 plans completed by due date // PK-2 LITERACY: % of students at benchmark on DIBELS or IDEL // PK-2 MATH: % of students at benchmark on mClass // GR3-5 GRADE LEVEL MATH: % of students at grade level, math, grades 3-5 // GR3-5 GRADE LEVEL READ: % of students at grade level, reading, grades 3-5 // GR3-5 KEEP PACE READ: % of students meeting growth targets, reading, grades 3-5 // GR3-5 KEEP PACE MATH: % of students meeting growth targets, math, grades 3-5 // GR6-8 GRADE LEVEL MATH: % of students at grade level, math, grades 6-8 // GR6-8 GRADE LEVEL READ: % of students at grade level, reading, grades 6-8 // GR6-8 KEEP PACE MATH: % of students meeting growth targets, math, grades 6-8 // GR6-8 KEEP PACE READ: % of students meeting growth targets, reading, grades 6-8 // GR-8 EXPLORE MATH: % of students at college readiness benchmark, math // GR-8 EXPLORE READ: % of students at college readiness benchmark, reading // ISAT EXCEEDING MATH: % of students exceeding on ISAT, math // ISAT EXCEEDING READ: % of students exceeding on ISAT, reading // ISAT VALUE ADD MATH: ISAT value-add value, math // ISAT VALUE ADD READ: ISAT value-add value, reading // ISAT VALUE ADD COLOR MATH: ISAT value-add color, math // ISAT VALUE ADD COLOR READ: ISAT value-add color, reading // STUDENTS TAKING ALGEBRA: % of students taking algebra // STUDENTS PASSING ALGEBRA: % of students passing algebra // 9TH GRADE EXPLORE (2009): Average EXPLORE score, 9th graders who tested in fall 2009 // 9TH GRADE EXPLORE (2010): Average EXPLORE score, 9th graders who tested in fall 2010 // 10TH GRADE PLAN (2009): Average PLAN score, 10th graders who tested in fall 2009 // 10TH GRADE PLAN (2010): Average PLAN score, 10th graders who tested in fall 2010 // NET CHANGE EXPLORE AND PLAN: Difference between Grade 9 Explore (2009) and Grade 10 Plan (2010) // 11TH GRADE AVERAGE ACT (2011): Average ACT score, 11th graders who tested in fall 2011 // NET CHANGE PLAN AND ACT: Difference between Grade 10 Plan (2009) and Grade 11 ACT (2011) // COLLEGE ELIGIBILITY: % of graduates eligible for a selective four-year college // GRADUATION RATE: % of students who have graduated within five years // COLLEGE/ ENROLLMENT RATE: % of students enrolled in college // COLLEGE ENROLLMENT (NUMBER OF STUDENTS): Total school enrollment // FRESHMAN ON TRACK RATE: Freshmen On-Track rate // RCDTS: Region County District Type Schools Code
USA SPENDING C&P B105 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FEB2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA's determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Employee Overtime and Supplemental Earnings 2014
Employee overtime and supplemental earnings by month and year-to-date.
Vital Signs: Travel Time Reliability – Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Travel Time Reliability (T9)  FULL MEASURE NAME Freeway buffer time index  LAST UPDATED May 2017  DESCRIPTION Transportation planners quantify the travel time reliability of a given route by means of a buffer time index (BTI). BTI is a measure of the amount of time, over and above the average travel time, that a driver would need to budget to ensure on-time arrival at the desired destination, with a 95 percent confidence rate. BTI is expressed as a fraction of the average travel time – the lower the BTI, the more reliable the trip.  This measure focuses solely on the regional freeway system, as no comparable data is available on the local street network. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional and freeway corridor tables.  DATA SOURCE Metropolitan Transportation Commission/INRIX: Freeway Reliability Analysis  California Department of Transportation: Annual Traffic Volume Reports http://traffic-counts.dot.ca.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Buffer time index was calculated based on the average reliability of each freeway segment over the course of one-hour time windows. Peak periods were defined as 6 AM to 10 AM and 3 PM to 7 PM. Regional BTI was calculated using traffic volumes on each segment and weighting BTI accordingly across the network.
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2a 2012
Total Renewable Net Generation By Source And State T6.2a 2012
Median Class Size Grades K-6 By District 2011
Median Class Size Grades K-6 By District 2011
Memphis Police Department Stations
Shapefile of MPD Stations (precincts). MPD has 2 districts that are divided into 9 stations which are divided into 56 wards. District and Ward boundaries are also available in the Data Catalog. Data updated July 2020.
Fire And Rescue Smoke Alarm Installs
Smoke alarm installs / inspections performed by personnel responding to homes on an emergency incident, where appropriate and authorized by homeowner. This project began 4/1/2015.
Percent of NJ Community Colleges Offering Public Health or Related Associates Degrees and/or Certificate Programs, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2012
Ratio: Percent of all NJ Community Colleges    Definition: NJ Community colleges offering public health or related associate degrees and/or certificate programs, among all NJ Community Colleges (19).     Data Sources:     1) Office of Local Public Health, New Jersey Department of Health    2) Public Health Training Center, Rutgers University
Admissions to Maryland State-Supported Alcohol and Drug Abuse Treatment Programs by Patient Residence, SFY 2008-2012
Only includes data from state-supported treatment programs. Data is by state fiscal year (SFY) which runs from July 1 - June 30.
registro de activos de la información
Registro de los archivos y la información contenida en el concejo municipal de Funza
Federal Healthcare Services Delivery Sites
Health centers are community-based, consumer-run, federally-funded organizations that serve populations with limited access to health care. These include low income populations, the uninsured, those with limited English proficiency, migrant and seasonal farm workers, individuals and families experiencing homelessness, and those living in public housing. HRSA Health Care Service Delivery Sites data set is to increase the transparency the HRSA Health Center Cluster grant program by making information about the health centers supported by HRSA grants available to the public.     http://datawarehouse.hrsa.gov/tools/dataportal.aspx
HWP - Transporter
HWP - Transporter
Estado Malla Vial Urbano Municipio De Pasto a  15-05-2018
Conformación de la malla vial urbana del Municipio de Pasto
NOAA - Global Ensemble Forecast System length of forecast considered accurate
Proposed new indicator for FY 2019.  The measure is a proxy for the useful forecast lead time of the Global Ensemble Forecast System (GEFS) beyond the current forecasts skill (9.5 days) and is computed over the range of forecast days. Extending lead time in prediction of future weather events allows people to make informed choices and enables protection of life, property, and enhancement of the National economy. The 500 hPA Anomaly Correlation will be used.
LEAF Performance Indicator Data: Improved Household Well-being
This dataset demonstrates the impact on household well-being in different LEAF operating locations, based on the activity that was implemented in each set of locations.
Representation of Women in City Property - City Administrator's List
In October of 2018, the Board of Supervisors passed and Mayor London N. Breed signed, the Ordinance 243-18 (http://bit.ly/2LSqS3U) to expand the extent to which women are represented  in the public sphere, including within artwork, statues, street names, facilities, parks, and more. The representation of women in City-owned buildings includes buildings, conference rooms, clubhouses, museums, recreation centers, community rooms, auditoriums, terminals, departure halls, 7 staircases, rooms, and other places open to the public. The City Administrator's office was responsible for compiling a list of all city owned buildings named after a man or woman. You can read the accompanying report on the representation of women in city property here: http://bit.ly/2YIDCz7
Local Law 8 of 2020 Report – Monthly Complaints of Illegal Parking of Vehicles Operated on Behalf of the City
<b>NOTE: This data does not present a full picture of 311 calls or service requests, in part because of operational and system complexities associated with remote call taking necessitated by the unprecedented volume 311 is handling during the Covid-19 crisis. The City is working to address this issue.</b><br /> A monthly report of illegal parking by City vehicle or permit 311 Service Requests starting from 1/30/20.
Section H6 Labor Use
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
2017 State Expenditures
Financial data relating to the purchases of goods and services by the state as well as financial disbursements through various state programs
Percentage of Individuals with Disabilities and Seniors served by Office of Long Term Living (OLTL) in Home and Community base setting CY 2015 - Current  Annual County Human Services
The county percentage of those served in an Office of Long Term Living (OLTL) waiver (Attendant Care, OBRA, Independence, and Aging) as compared to those served in a Nursing Facility.  Attendant Care/Act 150 If you have a physical disability, the Attendant Care Waiver and state funded Act 150 program may be available to you to continue to live in your home and community with support and services. Eligibility To be eligible for Attendant Care Services, you must: Be a resident of Pennsylvania Meet the level of care needs for a Skilled Nursing Facility  Be between eighteen (18) and fifty-nine (59) years of age Be capable of a) hiring, firing, and supervising attendant care worker(s); b) managing your own financial affairs; and c) managing your own legal affairs For the Medicaid Home and Community Based Waiver Services Attendant Care Program, meet the financial requirements as determined by your local County Assistance Office. Have a medically determinable physical impairment that is expected to last of a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) calendar months or that may result in death To take advantage of the Attendant Care Act 150 Program, you may be assessed a minimal co-payment. This co-payment is based on your income and will not be more than the total costs of services Services that may be available to you include: Community Transition Services (available only through Medicaid Home and Community Based Waiver Services) Participant-Directed Community Supports Participant-Directed Goods and Services Personal Assistance Services Personal Emergency Response System (PERS) Service Coordination  The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (OBRA), also known as the Nursing Home Reform Act of 1987, has dramatically improved the quality of care in the nursing home over the last twenty years by setting forth federal standards of how care should be provided to residents.  Independence Waiver If you are an adult with a severe physical disability, the Independence Waiver may be able to help you live or remain in the community and remain as independent as possible. To be eligible for the Independence Waiver you must: Be a Pennsylvania resident Be 18-60 - Individuals that turn 60 while in the waiver will be able to continue to receive services through the Independence Waiver. Individuals who are physically disabled (but not individuals with an intellectual disability or have a major mental disorder as a primary diagnosis, or who are ventilator dependent), who reside in a Nursing Facility (NF) or the community but who have been assessed to require services at the level of nursing facility level of care. In addition, the disability must result in substantial functional limitations in three or more of the following major life activities: Self-care, understanding and use of language, learning, mobility, self-direction and/or capacity for independent living. Meet the financial requirements as determined by your local County Assistance Office. Services available may include: Adult Daily Living Services Accessibility Adaptations, Equipment, Technology and Medical Supplies Benefits Counseling Career Assessment Community Integration Community Transition Services Employment Skills Development Financial Management Services Home Health Job Coaching Job Finding Non-Medical Transportation Personal Assistance Services Personal Emergency Response System (PERS) Respite Service Coordination Therapeutic and Counseling Services  Aging Waiver Home and Community-Based Services Waiver for Individuals Aged 60 and Older Aging Home and Community-Based Waiver Services may be available to Pennsylvanians over the age of 60 to enable them to continue to live in their homes and communities with support and services. To be eligible for the Aging Waiver, you must: Be a resident of Pennsylvania Be a U.S. citizen or a qualified Non-citizen Have a Social Security Number Be 60 years of age or older Meet the level of care needs for a Skilled Nursing Facility Meet financial re
ENTIDADES DE EMERGENCIA DE MOSQUERA CUNDINAMARCA
Entidades responsables en casos de emergencia en el municipio de Mosquera Cundinamarca
Correos Institucionales Usiacuri Atlantico
En este conjunto de datos podrá encontrar información pertinente a los correos institucionales de la Alcaldía Municipal de Usiacurí Atlántico
NNDSS - Table II. Invasive Pneumococcal Diseases, Age <5
NNDSS - Table II. Invasive Pneumococcal Diseases, Age <5 - 2017. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.    Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:   C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.      U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     *Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.     † Case counts for reporting years 2016 and 2017 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for tuberculosis are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.    § Includes drug resistant and susceptible cases of Invasive Pneumococcal Disease. This condition was previously named Streptococcus pneumoniae invasive disease and cases were reported to CDC using different event codes to specify whether the cases were drug resistant or in a defined age group, such as <5 years.
2008 Primary - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
August 2008 primary election; final/official results by precinct.
Existing Buildings Energy & Water Efficiency (EBEWE) Program
The City's Existing Buildings Energy & Water Efficiency (EBEWE) Program was established in 2016 (LA Municipal Code Section 91.9701, Ordinance No. 184674) and is administered by the Department of Building and Safety(LADBS). It requires that owners of buildings subject to the Ordinance, to annually register their building (includes pay fees) and file a benchmark report of energy and water usage for their buildings for the Compliance Year. The EBEWE dataset includes the Compliance Year, Building Address, Compliance Status, various energy and water use benchmark data, and the last 3 digits of the Assessor Identification Number (AIN). For a complete explanation of the Program, including reporting requirements, please visit LADBS' EBEWE site at http://www.ladbs.org/services/green-building-sustainability/existing-buildings-energy-water-efficiency-program.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Seniors by Household Type
This indicator explores the type of household that seniors, ages 65+, lived in. Types of households are classified by presence of relatives. Please note that estimates from other American Community Survey (ACS) tables may differ depending on the categories included in that table; this is because the percentage of seniors by households type data presented here includes the senior population living in group quarters (college residence halls, residential treatment centers, skilled nursing facilities, group homes, military barracks, correctional facilities, workers’ dormitories, and facilities for people experiencing homelessness).  Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B09020.
Paramedic Plus Response Time
This dataset contains data about EMS ambulance response time to incident calls. Dataset column information:    Run Number: unique identifier related to an ambulance responding to an incident.    Call Time: the time somebody called to ask for help YES
2014 Census - Previous Residence If Less Than One Year (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Población Rural Municipio de Valle de San Juan
Total de población que reside en la zona rural del municipio
Fertilizer research and development
The Oregon Department of Agriculture's fertilizer research and development program provides grant monies for field level projects that address the interactions of fertilizers, agricultural minerals, and agricultural amendments with ground or surface water. Since 1990, the program has provided over 1.9 million dollars for 90+ projects dealing with a wide variety of Oregon crops throughout the state. All funds distributed are generated through fertilizer, agricultural mineral, and agricultural amendments product sales.
Parks Inspection Program – Construction Information
This dataset contains construction and closed site information observed during a property inspection. Each row represents a single inspection.    A complete list of all datasets in the series can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Parks%20Inspection%20Program%20(PIP)&sortBy=alpha">here</a>.
Bird Conservation Areas
This data set shows point locations of Bird Conservation Areas. Bird Conservation Areas are New York State lands that have been officially designated for their value to bird conservation. Points are approximate locations and may represent large areas.
Graduados
Cantidad de estudiantes graduados por semestre académico de la Universidad de la Amazonia clasificados por año, genero, edad de graduación, población y estrato socio económico correspondientes al año 2013,2014, 2015 y 2016
Lottery Aid to Education: Beginning 2002
Aid to education provided by the New York Lottery by fiscal year, by county, by school district
OD0032 PEI Consolidated Revenues
Selected summary information for Government consolidated revenues
Street Pavement Condition
The annual, street pavement condition index of the unincorporated areas of Marin County.  Data starts in 2003 and is updated annually.  Pavement condition is measured using the Pavement Condition Index (PCI), as described below.  "Pavement condition index (PCI) relies upon a three-year moving average for regional, county, and city PCI to improve the reliability of the PCI data on an annual basis. The index ranges from 0 to 100, with 0 representing a failed road and 100 representing a brand-new facility. Segment PCI data is collected on a rolling basis but is imputed for interim years based on facility age and treatments using the MTC StreetSaver system." Source: Metropolitan Transportation Commission Vital Signs website
Salary Information for Industrial Development Agencies
Public authorities are required by Section 2800 of Public Authorities Law to submit annual reports to the Authorities Budget Office that include salary and compensation data.  The dataset consists salary data by employee reported by Industrial Development Agencies beginning with fiscal years ending in 2011.
DSS Township Counts - by Ethnicity - CY 2016
DSS CY 2016 Town counts - Number of people by ethnicity enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2016, by township. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
Daily Ozone Emissions Utah 2012
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Ozone) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Minimum Footing Depth
Minimum footing depth polygons intended to be a guide to the structural requirements necessary due to frost levels in unincorporated Pierce County. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbis_minimum_footing_depth.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Lahar Evacuation Routes
Lahar evacuation route arcs for the Carbon and Puyallup rivers only. Data was digitized from aerial photography. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbem_lahar_evacuation_routes.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
CASOS DE EVENTOS DE INTERES EN SALUD PUBLICA 2018  A SEMANA 19
COMPORTAMIENTO DEMOGRÁFICO DE LOS CASOS NOTIFICADOS EN EL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER, SEMANA EPIDEMIOLOGICA.
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Producer Survey 2018 - Module B Household Information
This dataset contains basic information on household composition of producer beneficiaries included in the FY 18 producer survey.  This dataset is Module B of a data asset that contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2018 annual results survey of smallholder producers assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using a two-staged cluster design. In the first stage, 77 villages were selected for inclusion in the survey using the method of probability proportional to size based on beneficiary population data as recorded in FTFT-MnM's client database. In the second stage, 12 respondents were selected from each village. In total, 932 respondents were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic demographic data and landholdings. Module B captures information on the household members. Module C captures information on the dietary diversity of female household members. Modules D, E, F, G capture data on production of horticultural produce and associated costs, as well as information on sales. Module H captures information on access to finance.
Clients of Registered Lobbying Firms
Entities who wish to influence City matters often hire lobbyists to represent them. A lobbying firm must register these entities as clients.
Demographic and Economic Statistics
CAFR Page 359.    Last Ten Fiscal Years.
500 Cities: Local Data for Better Health, 2016 release
This is the complete dataset for the 500 Cities project 2016 release. This dataset includes 2013, 2014 model-based small area estimates for 27 measures of chronic disease related to unhealthy behaviors (5), health outcomes (13), and use of preventive services (9). Data were provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Division of Population Health, Epidemiology and Surveillance Branch. The project was funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) in conjunction with the CDC Foundation. It represents a first-of-its kind effort to release information on a large scale for cities and for small areas within those cities. It includes estimates for the 500 largest US cities and approximately 28,000 census tracts within these cities. These estimates can be used to identify emerging health problems and to inform development and implementation of effective, targeted public health prevention activities. Because the small area model cannot detect effects due to local interventions, users are cautioned against using these estimates for program or policy evaluations. Data sources used to generate these measures include Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) data (2013, 2014), Census Bureau 2010 census population data, and American Community Survey (ACS) 2009-2013, 2010-2014 estimates. More information about the methodology can be found at www.cdc.gov/500cities. Note: During the process of uploading the 2015 estimates, CDC found a data discrepancy in the published 500 Cities data for the 2014 city-level obesity crude prevalence estimates caused when reformatting the SAS data file to the open data format. . The small area estimation model and code were correct. This data discrepancy only affected the 2014 city-level obesity crude prevalence estimates on the Socrata open data file, the GIS-friendly data file, and the 500 Cities online application. The other obesity estimates (city-level age-adjusted and tract-level) and the Mapbooks were not affected. No other measures were affected. The correct estimates are update in this dataset on October 25, 2017.
Rail Terminal Dwell Times
Weekly terminal dwell time data from the Surface Transportation Board’s (STB) Rail Service Metrics. The STB began collecting service metrics from railroads in October 2014. As part of their submission to the STB, railroads provide average terminal dwell time, measured in hours, excluding cars on runthrough trains (i.e., cars that arrive at, and depart from, a terminal on the same through train) for the carrier’s system and its 10 largest terminals in terms of railcars processed. (Terminal dwell is the average time a car resides at a specified terminal location expressed in hours.)
Latin Media Organizations
Listing of Latin media organizations
Whole Person Care Referrals
Referral summary data for Whole Person Care.
Captial Planning - Clean Steam Piping Replacement - Milestones Report 11 October 2011
Click the "About" button to access a pdf with a full description of this project.
PROCEDIMIENTOS DEL POS
Permite consultar los procedimientos que se encuentran incluidos en el Plan obligatorio de Salud
Readmissions Complications And Deaths - State
The Readmissions Complications and Deaths measures - state data. This data set includes state-level data for 30-day death and readmission measures, the hip/knee complication measure, and the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) measures of serious complications.
Flood Mitigation - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the January 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1503&as=Vo00JJ2YW5&t=1    Open from January 10 - 17, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6533Insight Community Members. 1638 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 25%. A total of 1646 respondents completed the survey: 1638 Insight Community Members and 7 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
2008-2010 Bronx ZIP Code Perinatal Data Profile
pregnancy information based on 2008-2010 data from the NY State department of health. The last column (teenage pregnancy rate), although appears should be a percentage, was kept numerical due to the reported rate being over 100%. I find this questionable.
Vital Signs: Seaport Activity – Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Seaport Activity (EC18)  FULL MEASURE NAME Shipping containers moved (TEUs)  LAST UPDATED August 2019  DESCRIPTION Seaport activity refers to the quantity of goods moved into or out of the region through seaports. Seaport activity is measured at major ports by the number of shipping containers moved; these are known as twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs).   DATA SOURCE American Association of Port Authorities: Western Hemisphere Port TEU Container Volumes 1990-2017 https://www.aapa-ports.org/unifying/content.aspx?ItemNumber=21048  Port of Oakland 1990-2018 https://www.oaklandseaport.com/performance/facts-figures/  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Container volumes include both empty and full containers that move through a given port; they include imports, exports, and domestic freight flows.
WAT Owners Shift Reimbursement 2016
This dataset lists wheelchair accessible taxicab (WAT) owners who received reimbursements from the Wheelchair Accessible Services Fund for shifts operated between January 1 and December 30, 2016. The reimbursement amount is $15 per shift.
San Bernardino Census Tracts
The cartographic boundary files are simplified representations of selected geographic areas from the Census Bureau’s MAF/TIGER geographic database. These boundary files are specifically designed for small scale thematic mapping.
Annual Collision Report: Objects
Fixed Objects and Road Users Involved in Collisions
Active Cigarette/Tobacco Registered Manufacturers
This file contains information for all Cigarette and Tobacco Registered Manufacturers with an active permit.
Historic Trails
Historic trail polylines throughout Pierce County sourced from Washington State Archive and Bureau of Land Management historic maps dated from 1850's to 2010. Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_historic_trails.html).  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Recreational and YFD Facility Locations
Location and description of recreational areas and YFD locations in the City of Chattanooga.
Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) Provider Summary for All Diagnosis-Related Groups (DRG) - FY2014
The data provided here include hospital-specific charges for the more than 3,000 U.S. hospitals that receive Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) payments for discharges, paid under Medicare based on a rate per discharge using the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2014. These MS-DRGs represent more than 7 million discharges or 75 percent of total Medicare IPPS discharges.
2006 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
2006 Utah Farm Income And Expenses
Mapas de Ordenamiento Territorial El Cairo Valle
Mapas de ordenamiento Territorial del municipio del Cairo Valle del Cauca. EOT del año 2000
División política administrativa San José del Fragua
Se encuentra la división política administrativa de San José del Formato shaperfile
Public Health Services - Licensed Substance Abuse Treatment Providers in Chicago, 2011
Detailed listing of licensed substance abuse treatment providers, treatment modalities, and populations served in Chicago as of April 2011.  See the full dataset description for more information: http://bit.ly/z4SLQ3
All students, kindergarten through 12th grade, immunization data by school, 2016-2017
Washington student immunization rates by school for 2016-2017
2017 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Income and Poverty
This indicator provides the median income and percent in poverty for civilian veterans in the population.  Veterans are persons 18 years and over who ever served on active duty. A civilian veteran refers to persons 18 years or older who served on active duty in any military branch or served in the National Guard or military reserves (only those ever called or ordered to active duty were classified as veterans). It does not include persons currently in active duty.  Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
Parcel Address
This file contains address information for land parcels within The City of Calgary.
State Summary of Inpatient Charge Data by Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG), FY2015
The Inpatient Utilization and Payment state summary data provides information on inpatient discharges for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Inpatient PUF includes information on utilization, payment (total payment and Medicare payment), and hospital-specific charges for the more than 3,000 U.S. hospitals that receive Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) payments.
Victims of sexual assault since age 15 , gender of victim, and province, 2018. / Victimes d'agression sexuelle depuis l'âge de 15 ans, sexe de la victime et province, 2018.
Violent victimization since age 15, by Sexual assault, gender of victim, and province, 2018 / Victimisation avec violence depuis l'âge de 15 ans, selon l'agression sexuelle, le sexe de la victime et la province, 2018
2012 Census - Dwelling Unit Status (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Matriculados primera vez por programa 2019-1
Matriculados primeras vez por programa para el periodo 2019-1
Report Card Kindergarten Readiness for 2019-20
This file includes WaKIDS assessment data for the 2019-20 school year. This Assessment is used to determine student preparedness for kindergarten. This data is disaggregated by the school, district, and state levels and includes counts and rates of student proficiency on various assessment measures. The data in this file is broken out by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs, and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information and notes for downloading this data.
ÍNDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA
Mediante el Índice de información clasificada y reservada se puede ver el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por la entidad, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
WDFW- Salmon Stock Inventory Sub-Populations
List of Salmon sub-populations. Used to associate sub populations with their respective parent populations in the state of salmon report.
Rural Subdivisions
This data represents corporately recognized boundaries for rural subdivisions (including the boundary, name and civic address) in Strathcona County.
2010 General - Election results - State Senator LD 41 recount
November 2010 general election - recount dataset for the State Senator Legislative District 41
2014: ECAD Commercial Reported Data
This report is the result of the Austin City Code 6-7’s Energy Conservation Audit and Disclosure Ordinance approved in November 2008 (amended in April 2011) to improve the energy efficiency of homes and buildings that receive electricity from Austin Energy.  The ordinance meets one of the goals of the Austin Climate Protection Plan, which is to offset 800 megawatts of peak energy demand by 2020. This report contains information on commercial facilities that have reported the EPA’s Energy Star Portfolio Manager benchmarking results in 2014 (*) to the City of Austin, as well as the calculated electric Energy Utilization Index (EUI). For information on ECAD exemptions and other requirements, see Austin City Code Chapter 6-7.  Note – (*) Data reported by Commercial Customers
Census Data - Languages spoken in Chicago, 2008 – 2012
This dataset contains estimates of the number of residents aged 5 years or older in Chicago who “speak English less than very well,” by the non-English language spoken at home and community area of residence, for the years 2008 – 2012.  See the full dataset description for more information at: https://data.cityofchicago.org/api/views/fpup-mc9v/files/dK6ZKRQZJ7XEugvUavf5MNrGNW11AjdWw0vkpj9EGjg?download=true&filename=P:\EPI\OEPHI\MATERIALS\REFERENCES\ECONOMIC_INDICATORS\Dataset_Description_Languages_2012_FOR_PORTAL_ONLY.pdf
Pet Licensing - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from the October 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1979&as=1JJ8ph9GH7&t=1    Open from October 24 - 31, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6,988 Insight Community Members. 1,727 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 25%. A total of 1,731 respondents completed the survey: 1,727 Insight Community Members and 4 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Formación académica contratistas 2019-1
Estudios realizados por los contratistas de la Universidad
Strategic Measure_Percent of protected bikeways swept annually
Purpose: This data exists in order to establish a percentage of cycles swept annually of protected bikeways in relation to the department goal.  Source: Completed Protected Bike Lane reports are received from ATD. ARR then tracks internally the number of sweeping cycles completed.  Contains: The number of street sweeping cycles completed each fiscal year, where one "cycle" represents one full sweep of all protected bike lanes. Includes information on the cycles swept target, and the percent of the target cycles completed.  Usage: This measure is used to determine the number of cycles swept in relation to the number of cycles swept goal that is established annually.  By tracking this data, Austin Resource Recovery can meet community mobility needs and promote public safety.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/ks42-2pg8
estadísticas de casos de dengue en aguazul
Estos son los registros de los  casos registrados de dengue
Open Data Portal Dataset Attachments
This is a list of documents attached to datasets on the open data portal, including the dataset id, name and attachment link. This is principally used for purposes of tracking and managing data and documentation published on the open data portal.
Natural Gas Gross Production In Utah By The 25 Largest Operators T4.7 2010
Natural Gas Gross Production In Utah By The 25 Largest Operators T4.7 2010
Bronx 311 Derelict Vehicle-2
Bronx 311 Service Requests for  Derelict Vehicles from 2010 to Present
Vital Signs: Displacement Risk - by county
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Displacement Risk (EQ3)  FULL MEASURE NAME Share of lower-income households living in tracts at risk of displacement  LAST UPDATED December 2018  DESCRIPTION Displacement risk refers to the share of lower-income households living in neighborhoods that have been losing lower-income residents over time, thus earning the designation “at risk”. While “at risk” households may not necessarily be displaced in the short-term or long-term, neighborhoods identified as being “at risk” signify pressure as reflected by the decline in lower-income households (who are presumed to relocate to other more affordable communities). The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional, county and census tract tables.   DATA SOURCE U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census 1980-1990 Form STF3 https://nhgis.org  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census 2000 Form SF3a https://nhgis.org  U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census 1980-2010 Longitudinal Tract Database http://www.s4.brown.edu/us2010/index.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 2010-2015 Form S1901 5-year rolling average http://factfinder2.census.gov  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey 2010-2017 Form B19013 5-year rolling average http://factfinder2.census.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) Aligning with the approach used for Plan Bay Area 2040, displacement risk is calculated by comparing the analysis year with the most recent year prior to identify census tracts that are losing lower-income households. Historical data is pulled from U.S. Census datasets and aligned with today’s census tract boundaries using crosswalk tables provided by LTDB. Tract data, as well as regional income data, are calculated using 5-year rolling averages for consistency – given that tract data is only available on a 5-year basis. Using household tables by income level, the number of households in each tract falling below the median are summed, which involves summing all brackets below the regional median and then summing a fractional share of the bracket that includes the regional median (assuming a simple linear distribution within that bracket).  Once all tracts in a given county or metro area are synced to today’s boundaries, the analysis identifies census tracts of greater than 500 lower-income people (in the prior year) to filter out low-population areas. For those tracts, any net loss between the prior year and the analysis year results in that tract being flagged as being at risk of displacement, and all lower-income households in that tract are flagged. To calculate the share of households at risk, the number of lower-income households living in flagged tracts are summed and divided by the total number of lower-income households living in the larger geography (county or metro). Minor deviations on a year-to-year basis should be taken in context, given that data on the tract level often fluctuates and has a significant margin of error; changes on the county and regional level are more appropriate to consider on an annual basis instead.
Libraries - 2015 Holds Filled by Location
Materials pulled to fulfill patron holds. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages.  Independence Branch closed due to a fire on 10/30/15.
ACT Selected Cancer incidence and mortality
ACT Selected Cancer incidence and mortality  The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS047
Driver Feedback Sign DFS047  Latitude: 53.622776 Longitude: -113.531953  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Intake [Archived from February 13, 2018]
This is an archived version of the Intake dataset as it was originally released on February 13, 2018.
2006 - 2011 NYS Math Test Results By Grade - Boro - All Students
New York City Results on the New York State Mathematics Tests, Grades 3 - 8  Notes:  As of 2006, the New York State Education Department expanded the ELA and mathematics testing programs to Grades 3-8. Previously, state tests were administered in Grades 4 and 8 and citywide tests were administered in Grades 3, 5, 6, and 7.  In 2006, NYSED treated District 75 students as a distinct geographic district. For 2007-2011, District 75 students are represented in their home districts and boroughs. Spreadsheets for District and Borough do not include District 75 students in 2006.  Starting in 2010, NYSED changed the scale score required to meet each of the proficiency levels, increasing the number of questions students needed to answer correctly to meet proficiency.
Complaint Problems
Contains information about problems associated with complaints.
2018 Local Law 163 TASC Report
This dataset contains information about NYCHA residents who passed the Test Assessing Secondary Completion (TASC) exam, exams that assess if an exam-taker has the required knowledge to receive a high school equivalency certification, for Calendar Year 2018. This number only includes Pathways to Graduation students who passed TASC in 2018. Pathways to Graduation is a full-time free program that helps students earn their High School Equivalency Diploma.
ANM Desagregación Presupuesto Anual
Desagregación presupuesto de funcionamiento, vigencia fiscal anual ANM
National Summary of Outpatient Charge Data by select 30 APCs, CY2011
The Outpatient Utilization and Payment national summary data presents information on common outpatient services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient PUF presents information on utilization, payment, and estimated hospital-specific charges for 30 Ambulatory Payment Classification (APC) Groups paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for Calendar Year (CY) 2011. The Medicare payment amount includes the APC payment amount, the beneficiary Part B coinsurance amount and the beneficiary deductible amount.
QHP PY2018 Dent- Indi- Land-10-18-2017
2018 Plan Year Individual Dental Landscape
Calidad de Aire en municipios de Pereira, Dosquebradas, Santa Rosa y La Virginia
Registros de la Calidad de Aire en el Area Metropolitana Centro Occidente, Municipios de Pereira, Santa Rosa, dosquebradas y La Virginia en departamento de Risaralda entre el año 2000 y 2017
CONSEJO DEPARTAMENTAL DEL PATRIMONIO CULTURAL
Este órgano de participación ciudadana tiene como funciones asesorar y recomendar al Gobernador de Santander  y a la Secretaría de Cultura en el diseño de la política relativa al patrimonio cultural del departamento, tanto en el presente como en el futuro.
Homicides
Number of homicides
OD0035 Summary Of PEI ALUS Client Performance from 2011
The Alternative Land Use Services ALUS2 program is a voluntary program for PEI landowners. This program has four purposes, to:        Reduce soil erosion and siltation of watercourses and wetlands      Improve water quality      Improve and increase wildlife habitat      Reduce the impacts of climate change    Each fall, a number of ALUS projects across the province are audited for performance. Projects selected for audit are identified in a random audit system. Clients are notified of the performance audit and ALUS projects are inspected to ensure they comply with the client's ALUS Agreement. This involves visual inspections or the project area may need to be measured to ensure the correct project acreage. The results of the audit are recorded and communicated to the ALUS client so they are aware of their performance, and if necessary, corrective action taken to address any performance issues.
April 2019 Special Election Final Precinct Results
Final precinct by precinct results for the April 2019 special election
Cemeteries Location
There are five cemeteries currently operated by the City.  List of five cemeteries.
Collisions in Tacoma
All collisions within the City boundaries from 2010-Q42018. Data is from WSDOT.  Federal highway safety laws require the state to create this crash database for use in obtaining federal safety improvement funds. Under Section 409 of Title 23 of the United States Code, crash data is prohibited from use in any litigation against state, tribal or local government that involves the location(s) mentioned in the crash data.
Grand County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Adjusted Unemployment 1990-2015
Grand County Seasonally Adjusted Monthly Adjusted Unemployment 1990-2015
USAID Public-Private Partnerships Database - Partnerships Active in 2016
This spreadsheet contains detailed information regarding active public-private partnerships in FY 2016.  This dataset is part of the data asset that brings together information collected since 2001 on Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) that have been supported by USAID. For the purposes of this dataset a PPP is defined as a USAID-supported development project or initiative which engages the private sector (including corporations, foundations, and other non-governmental actors) as a core resource partner. Due to changes in Agency data collection systems, standards, and internal organization, the data has been collected according to different mechanisms, definitions, and timeframes from 2001-2016, and therefore cannot be considered to be comprehensive of all PPPs during this period.
Bronx 311 Air Quality 3.19.13 (population adjusted)
This is a 311 dataset combined with 2010 Census population data. The rate of air-quality complaints were divided by the population to get what is called a "population index" in get a better idea of the nature of the air-quality complaints. The more people there are in a given area, the more likely there will be more complaints. This is an attempt to correct for the population density in each census tract. The data is updated daily, so this is a snapshot of all of the complaints from 1/1/2010 to 3/19/2013.
Commercial Medical Insurance (MSCANCC) - Vision and Eye Health Surveillance
2016. This dataset is a de-identified summary table of prevalence rates for vision and eye health data indicators from the 2016 MarketScan® Commercial Claims and Encounters Data (CCAE) is produced by Truven Health Analytics, a division of IBM Watson Health.  The CCEA data contain a convenience sample of insurance claims information from person with employer-sponsored insurance and their dependents, including 43.6 million person years of data. Prevalence estimates are stratified by all available combinations of age group, gender, and state.  Detailed information on VEHSS MarketScan analyses can be found on the VEHSS MarketScan webpage (cdc.gov/visionhealth/vehss/data/claims/marketscan.html). Information on available Medicare claims data can be found on the IBM MarketScan website (https://marketscan.truvenhealth.com). The VEHSS MarketScan summary dataset was last updated November 2019.
Family Violence Related Snapshots: New York City Community Board Districts
The dataset contains annual count data for the number of family-related domestic incident reports, family-related felony assaults, domestic violence related felony assaults, family-related rapes and domestic violence related rapes. </p> The Mayor's Office to End Domestic and Gender-Based Violence (ENDGBV) develops policies and programs, provides training and prevention education, conducts research and evaluations, performs community outreach, and operates the New York City Family Justice Centers. The office collaborates with City agencies and community stakeholders to ensure access to inclusive services for survivors of domestic and gender-based violence (GBV) services. GBV can include intimate partner and family violence, elder abuse, sexual assault, stalking, and human trafficking. ENDGBV operates the New York City Family Justice Centers. These co‐located multidisciplinary domestic violence service centers provide vital social service, civil legal and criminal justice assistance for survivors of intimate partner violence and their children under one roof. The Brooklyn Family Justice Center opened in July 2005; the Queens Family Justice Center opened in July 2008; the Bronx Family Justice Center opened in April 2010; Manhattan Family Justice Center opened in December 2013 and Staten Island Family Justice Center opened in June 2015. ENDGBV also has a Policy and Training Institute that provides trainings on intimate partner violence to other City agencies. The New York City Healthy Relationship Academy, with is part of the Policy and Training Institute, provides peer lead workshops on healthy relationships and teen dating violence to individuals between the age of 13 and 24, their parents and staff of agencies that work with youth in that age range. The dataset is collected to produce an annual report on the number of family-related and domestic violence related incidents that occur at the community board district level in New York City. The New York City Police Department provides ENDGBV with count data on: family-related domestic incident reports, family-related felony assaults, domestic violence felony assaults, family-violence related rapes and domestic violence related rapes.
Asociaciones del municipio de Apía
Base de datos de las asociaciones y organizaciones del municipio de Apía
Provider-Level Measure Rates for Component Indicators of AHRQ Patient Safety Indicator 90 (PSI-90) Composite Measure
This data set presents hospital-level measure rates for the eight component indicators included in the AHRQ PSI-90 Composite measure for Medicare fee-for-service discharges from July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2014. Measure rates are presented for the following component indicators: PSI-3 – pressure ulcer, PSI-6 – iatrogenic pneumothorax, PSI-7 – central venous catheter-related bloodstream infection, PSI-8 – postoperative hip fracture, PSI-12 – perioperative pulmonary embolism or deep vein thrombosis, PSI-13 – postoperative sepsis, PSI-14 – postoperative wound dehiscence, and PSI-15 – accidental puncture or laceration. Public reporting of measure rates for PSI-6, PSI-12, PSI-14, PSI-15, and the PSI-90 Composite are also part of the Hospital Inpatient Quality Reporting Program and are posted on CMS’ Hospital Compare website.   *Footnote numbers reference Hospital Compare footnotes.
Cultivos transitorios Municipio de Marinilla Semestre II- 2018
Este conjunto de datos contiene información de los cultivos transitorios del municipio de Marinilla en el segundo semestre de 2018
Facebook Likes & Daily Engaged Users
This measures the number of lifetime "likes" and daily engaged users on the City's Facebook page (www.facebook.com/CityOfJanesville).
Percentage of Adults Who Report Driving After Drinking Too Much (in the past 30 days), 2012 & 2014, Region 8 - Denver
Source: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 2012, 2014
Directorio Sitios Turísticos del Municipio de Victoria Caldas
Información Básica de los sitios turisticos del Municipio de Victoria Caldas
Tramites y Servicios de los Registros Nacionales de Tránsito Liquidados, Pagados y Atendidos
Cantidad de trámites de los registros nacionales de tránsito solicitados y pagados por los usuarios y atendidos por la Secretaría de Tránsito y Seguridad Vial de Barranquilla.
Mortalidad accidentes de transito en niño(as), adolescentes y juventud
Mortalidad accidentes de transito en niño(as), adolescentes y juventud
Información Clasificada y Reservada - Capital Salud
Se encuentra la información la cual por su categoría se encuentra como Información Clasificada o Información Reservada
Ejecución de Contratos 2019
Información correspondiente a todos los contratos ejecutados y/o realizados durante la vigencia del año 2019 en la Alcaldía Municipal de Oporapa
Utah Quarterly Personal Income By Description 1958 2001
Utah Quarterly Personal Income By Description 1958 2001
Corporate Procurement Contract Awards
This set of data includes listings of large value contracts awards that were executed by the World Bank Group, pursuant to its Corporate Procurement Policies and Procedures. The listing includes both fixed price an indefinite delivery / indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts with an estimated value above US$250,000.  The value for Fixed Price contracts is disclosed at the award value.  The value for IDIQ contracts is not disclosed and is based on an estimate of possible value which is $250,000 or greater. This data set does not list all contracts awarded by the World Bank Group, and should be viewed only as a guide to determine the distribution of major contract commitments made by the World Bank Group. "Supplier Country" represents place of supplier registration in the World Bank's Vendor Database, which may or not be the supplier's actual country of origin. Please note that the Corporate Procurement Unit is responsible for ensuring that procurement awards are consistent with procurement policies and procedures, while business units are accountable for the business need, expenditure policy, procurement specification and supplier selection. The information provided is believed to be accurate; however the World Bank Group is not responsible should the data be incorrect, incomplete or if data is omitted. Learn more about Corporate Procurement at http://go.worldbank.org/6PC0FICAE0 .
Ozone 2018
DEQ invites the public to comment on the Ozone 2018 - Ozone 2018 Infrastructure and Interstate Transport SIP Submissions rulemaking from June 25 to Aug. 8, 2018. Comments received outside of this comment period will not be considered.
School Readiness 2019-20 By Town (Dec)
OEC - School Readiness (SR) - Priority and Competitive Districts. The number of state funded SR preschool age spaces by town and space type and if community or school based setting.
Chicago Public Schools - Local School Council Voting Districts 2020-2022
Local School Council voting districts for citywide and neighborhood public schools, intended to verify eligibility to run in LSC elections for school year 2019-2020. The elections will take place in spring 2020, with those elected serving from 2020-2022.  ​​​​​This dataset is in a forma​​t for spatial datasets that is inherently tabular but allows for a map as a derived view. Please click the indicated link below for such a map.  To export the data in either tabular or geographic format, please use the Export button on this dataset.
SUJETOS VIGILADOS CONTRALORÍA DEPARTAMENTAL DEL GUAVIARE
SUJETOS VIGILADOS CONTRALORÍA DEPARTAMENTAL DEL GUAVIARE
ESTABLECIMIENTOS REGISTRADOS  EN INDUSTRIA Y COMERCIO SINCELEJO 2017
Establecimientos comerciales, gran contribuyente y de servicios que se encuentran registrados en industria y comercio en la Alcaldía de Sincelejo a diciembre de 2017.
LA County Bookstores, 2013
LA County is home to 459 bookstores. This is a listing of all bookstores in the County, compiled by the LA County Arts Commission in 2013. To submit updates or corrections, see the About tab.
Bibliotecas
Ubicación de la biblioteca municipal
Construction Contracts: ODOT: Fiscal Year 2014
Summary of Oregon Department of Transportation construction contracts that are not in ORPIN for Fiscal Year 2014.
2019 - 2020 School Point Locations
This is an ESRI shape file of school point locations based on the official address.  It includes some additional basic and pertinent information needed to link to other data sources. It also includes some basic school information such as Name, Address, Principal, and Principal’s contact information.
category_tiles
Template Dataset: category_tiles
New York State Executive Budget Capital Appropriations: 2013-14
This data set includes 2013-14 Executive Budget capital project appropriations and reappropriations for the budget year.
K-14 Schools
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by K-12 school districts and community college districts.
Community Sponsorships
Each year, Austin Energy participates in and sponsors events that support our local community. View the events and organizations that we sponsored, and amounts we contributed annually.
Supply Chain Shipment Pricing Data
This data set provides supply chain health commodity shipment and pricing data. Specifically, the data set identifies Antiretroviral (ARV) and HIV lab shipments to supported countries. In addition, the data set provides the commodity pricing and associated supply chain expenses necessary to move the commodities to countries for use. The dataset has similar fields to the Global Fund's Price, Quality and Reporting (PQR) data. PEPFAR and the Global Fund represent the two largest procurers of HIV health commodities. This dataset, when analyzed in conjunction with the PQR data, provides a more complete picture of global spending on specific health commodities. The data are particularly valuable for understanding ranges and trends in pricing as well as volumes delivered by country. The US Government believes this data will help stakeholders make better, data-driven decisions. Care should be taken to consider contextual factors when using the database. Conclusions related to costs associated with moving specific line items or products to specific countries and lead times by product/country will not be accurate.
Priorizados Programa Colombia Mayor Primer Semestre de 2019
Listado de los Priorizados del Programa Colombia Mayor durante el Primer Semestre de 2019 en el Municipio
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Peru, 2008 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Peru as part of its 2008 of round surveys.   The 2008 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with the Instituto de Estudios Peruanos and APOYO Opinion y Mercadeo with funding by USAID.,
Hartford Family Resources
There are more than 350 organizations in Hartford that provide family resources to our children, youth and adult populations. This directory is a comprehensive directory of these organizations, providing the name, contact information, location, mission, and type of family resources provided by each of these Hartford-based service providers. The list of resources has been organized into seven categories—civic engagement, youth & family enrichment, early childhood education & home daycare providers, workforce development, schools & higher education, support services, and government agencies—and is designed to help build a strong, vital community and improve the quality of life for each Hartford family.
Evaluación de Tierras con fines Agrícolas para el cultivo de fríjol (Phaseolus vulgaris), en el departamento de Nariño.
El mapa es el producto resultante de la validación y aplicación de la metodología de Evaluación de Tierras para el departamento de Nariño a escala general 1:100.000, incluyendo los componentes biofísicos, socioeconómicos y socioecosistémicos, en el marco del contrato Interadministrativo No 222 de 2017, suscrito entre la UPRA y la Universidad de Nariño. Se realiza la zonificación para la apuesta productiva de fríjol. Categorías: Aptitud Alta: Zonas con las mejores condiciones desde el punto de vista físico, socioecosistémico y socioeconómico. Aptitud Media: Zonas con limitaciones moderadas de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico. Aptitud Baja: Zonas con fuertes limitaciones de tipo físico, socioecosistémico y/o socioeconómico, las cuales podrían adecuarse con grandes inversiones y/o el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías. No Apta: Zonas con restricciones físicas y socioecosistémicas que imposibilitan el desarrollo de la actividad. Exclusiones legales: Zonas en las cuales, por mandato legal, no se permite el desarrollo del cultivo comercial de fríjol.
Historic Greenspace Maintenance Plan (2016)
Data Description: This dataset is an inventory of sites in the 2016 Greenspace Maintenance Plan. The Department of Public Services (DPS) is responsible for cleaning City greenspaces, including steps, guardrails, right-of-way and lots. This plan was created an implemented in 2016, and served as the site inventory from January 2016 to April 2018.   Data Creation: Created by the Department of Public Services as part of the Greenspace Maintenacne Plan in 2016.  Data Created By: Department of Public Services  Refresh Frequency: N/A  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboard available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/wh9h-zdqz  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).
2020 Open Data Plan: Completed Civic Engagements
Civic engagement activities agencies completed between September 15, 2019 and April 30, 2020.
WAT Owners Shift Reimbursement 2015
Data set provides the total amount of money paid to wheelchair accessible taxi owners for the period 6/1/15-12/31/15. Owners were paid $15/shift operated from the City of Seattle Wheelchair Accessible Services Fund.
US States Daily Testing
This data is sourced from The COVID Tracking Project, a site includes web scraping data from individual state health department agencies displaying information related to positive, negative, and pending tests across the United States.
Directorio de las peluquerías del municipio de Quinchía Risaralda
Listado de las peluquerías del municipio de Quinchía Risaralda, dirección y ubicación, nit, nombre del propietario del negocio o representante legal y datos de contacto.
TABLA DE TRÁMITES TRÁNSITO SONSÓN 2017
Conozca todos los Trámites y Valores de la Oficina del Tránsito de Sonsón Antioquia
pln_otc_step_therapy [impl]
Plan Finder dataset pln_otc_step_therapy [impl], released on 2020-10-23.
Registros de Activos de Información
El Registro de Activos de Información es el inventario de la información pública que la Cámara de Comercio de La Guajira genera obtiene adquiere transforma o controla en cumplimiento de la función pública registral y en la administración de los recursos públicos.
Mesa Permits
Building permits issued since 2003 by the city of Mesa for both residential and commercial construction.
Instituciones educativas de Suan Atlántico
listado de sedes educativas de la institucion ADOLFO LEON BOLIVAR MARENCO y las sedes de educacion superior de Suan Atlantico
2009 Health Disparities Report and Data
Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities in Colorado - 2009
Inventario y Clasificación de Activos de Información INVEMAR
Registro y clasificación de Activos de información del INVEMAR.
Feed the Future Malawi: Baseline Household Survey, Household Descriptions
This dataset describes the households that participated in this baseline survey.  The spreadsheet has 44 columns and 3,476 rows.  The Malawi Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in seven districts in the Central and Southern Regions: Mchinji, Lilongwe, Dedza, Ntcheu, Balaka, Machinga, and Mangochi.  The PBS was conducted from November 14 to December 22, 2012.  The overall objective of the survey is to provide baseline on data living standards, nutritional status, and women's empowerment in agriculture in the Zone Of Influence.  A total of 3,397 households in the ZOI were interviewed for the PBS, and these households were spread across 126 rural standard enumeration areas (SEAs) in the seven districts.
Per Capita County Expenditures By Category – Fiscal Year 2010
Per capita dollars for each county's expenditures towards general government, public safety, public works, health and social services, education and libraries, parks and recreation, and debt service. Source: Local Government Finances Fiscal 2010 (Department of Legislative Services), via Overview of Maryland Local Governments Finances and Demographic Information (Department of Legislative Services, 2012. Link: http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/pubs/budgetfiscal/2012-local-government-finances-demographics.pdf)
Superservicios-C6_Sistema_bombeo_plantas_almacenadoras_envasadoras_GLP
Sistema de bombeo de las plantas almacenadoras y envasadoras. GLP
AFSC/ABL: Sablefish longline survey gillnet data
Variable mesh gillnets were used to evaluate the abundance of young of the year sablefish during 1995-2002. Data include. Vessel, cruise, station. Species caught, and lengths of fish caught. The data were collected to be able to forecast year-class strength of sablefish.
Adjudicated Property
In the event that your taxes are not paid by a certain date, the Sheriff's Office will advertise your property for sale to the general public to collect the unpaid taxes.  On the advertised date, the property will be subjected to a tax sale.  If no one buys the property at the tax sale, the property will then be adjudicated to the Parish of East Baton Rouge in compliance with the laws of the State of Louisiana.  The records in this dataset reflect the most current adjudicated property listing.
Salaries of Lottery Employees - Multi-Year Report
This is a multi-year salary report for the Oregon Lottery. For more information visit the Oregon Transparency Program website. https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx.
Dubuque Open Expenditures
City of Dubuque Expenses
RELACIÓN DE CONTRATOS SEM NEIVA
Relación de contratos Secretaría de Educación Municipal de Neiva, unidad de bienes y servicios, ordenamiento del gasto y oficina de contratación
OAM - Dollars awarded using high-risk contracting authorities
This element measures the Department’s progress in managing taxpayer risk through reducing the use of high-risk contracting authorities.
Library Branches
Name, Location, Council District, Phone Number and Email Address for all 72 library branches. Static data.
Puget Sound Steelhead Time Series of Abundance
InPort Dataset ID: 30839 InPort Entity ID: 36973 Time series of Puget Sound steelhead abundance.
Inscritos Periodo 2018-2
Inscritos para el periodo 2018-2
Parks Closure Status Due to COVID-19: Playgrounds
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, NYC Parks temporarily closed several amenities, including Playgrounds. This data collection contains the status of each Playground, and is subject to change. Although the data feed is refreshed daily, it may not reflect current conditions.    Data Dictionary:    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aaYE82BS-SYh-xjI-t_oyJcNEPFWJNPfdI7T220-rv4/edit#gid=1499621902
Driver License, Permit, and Non-Driver Identification Cards Issued as of August 30, 2017
This data set includes general demographics for all persons who hold, or have recently held a: Driver License, Permit or Non-Driver Identification Card (a.k.a. credential) issued by the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles.
Tasas de Fecundidad, Mortalidad Infantil, Natalidad y Mortalidad General, Por Municipio
Tasas de Fecundidad, Mortalidad Infantil, Natalidad y Mortalidad General, Por Municipio, desde el año 2012 al año 2016.  Nota: *  Tasas por 1,000 habitantes,  **Tasas por 1,000 Nacidos Vivos
Property Maintenance Codes Data 2014 - Present (Download)
This dataset contains information on Property Maintenance Codes Data for  City of Montgomery from 2014 to present. It will be updated monthly.
Boletín de publicación de normatividad Quinchía Risaralda
Listado de normatividad publicada en la página web del municipio de Quinchía Risaralda, con su número, fecha, descripción, depedencia, entidad generadora y el link donde se puede acceder directamente a su sitio de publicación.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales del municipio de Palestina Caldas
Información Básica de las Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Palestina Caldas.
NADAC (National Average Drug Acquisition Cost)
National Average Drug Acquisition Cost (NADAC) weekly reference data from November 2013 to current week.
INDICE DE RIESGO DE LA CALIDAD DEL AGUA POR MUNICIPIO DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE SANTANDER
ES EL INDICE DE RIESGO DE LA CALIDAD DEL AGUA PARA CONSUMO HUMANO, QUE COMENZÓ A REGIR A PARTIR DE LA RESOLUCIÓN 2115 DE 2007.
Cobertura de Vacunación por Predios y Bovinos
Contiene inventarios de area, produccion y rendimiento, de la parte agricola, pecuaria y piscicola del departamento, que permite evaluar el comportamiento del sector agropecuario anualmente. Gobernacion Huila
High Rise Residents Profile 2016
Contains demographic profile information from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) 2016 Census of Population and Housing. Data has been aggregated based on residents living in buildings with four or more storeys.    This data has been derived from the ABS Census TableBuilder online data tool  (<a href='http://www.abs.gov.au/websitedbs/D3310114.nsf/Home/2016%20TableBuilder'>http://www.abs.gov.au/websitedbs/D3310114.nsf/Home/2016%20TableBuilder</a>) by Australian Bureau of Statistics, used under <a href='http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/'>CC 4.0</a>.
Biblioteca Mas Cercano De Santo Tomas
Biblioteca mas cercano de la población de santo tomas
BAAQMD Point Source Facilities Emissions Data
BAAQMD Point Source Facilities GHG CO2-Equivalent Emissions Data
Tweets-second VCC
Twitter analysis of the second ACT Virtual Community Cabinet, held on 30 August 2011.
Salt Lake City Police Cases 2011-2014
This data set contains police cases from Salt Lake City from 2011-2014.
Cincinnati Open Data Website Analytics
Data Description: This data set provides all public datasets, links, documents and community created filters hosted on the City of Cincinnati's Open Data Portal.  Data Creation: This data set is maintained by the City of Cincinnati's Open Data host, Socrata.  Data Created By: Socrata  Refresh Frequency: Daily  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this data set.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
encuesta en la que la ciudadanía señala sobre qué temas relacionados con el DADEP
dadep 2020
Board Boundaries for Denver Public Schools
Board member boundaries for the Denver Public School system board.
wallpaper_banner
Template Dataset: wallpaper_banner
Pasantías y practicas Universidad del Quindio
Datos de las pasantías y practicas realizadas por los estudiantes de la Universidad
HECTAREAS ESTABLECIDAS DE CERCAS VIVAS
"Es una o algunas líneas de especies leñosas (ocasionalmente con no leñosas) que restringe el paso de personas y animales a una propiedad o parte de ella. Una cerca viva generalmente está asociada con ecosistemas, cultivos agrícolas, pasturas, otras tecnologías agroforestales y viviendas.  En la cerca viva las especies leñosas actúan como poste vivo o cuenta con un sofisticado enjambre de asociaciones vegetales de especies espinosas y no palatables para el ganado y otros animales; así protegen sembrados, viviendas y dividen lotes de pastura en rotación  "
Plan Anual de Adquisiciones 2018 Caloto - Cauca
El Plan Anual de Adquisiciones es un documento de naturaleza informativa y las adquisiciones incluidas en el mismo pueden ser canceladas, revisadas o modificadas. Esta información no representa compromiso u obligación alguna por parte de la entidad estatal ni la compromete a adquirir los bienes, obras y servicios en él señalados.
King County Master Calendar
Master calendar for King County
Matriculados por genero 2019-1
Genero de los matriculados para el periodo 2019-1
MiPyme - Empresario, Competencias y capacidades Formados y Certificados
MiPyme Vive Digital busca incrementar el acceso, uso y apropiación de Internet en las MiPyme colombianas para aplicar las TIC en sus procesos de negocio, con el fin de incrementar su competitividad y productividad.
Agriculture Production Data in Pennsylvania 1850 census PA Historical and Museum Commission
Agriculture has guided Pennsylvania's economic growth and cultural development and has profoundly shaped the lands and people of the Commonwealth. The 1850 Federal Decennial Census was the first time in history that data was collected on agricultural production at a national scale. The census manuscripts for Pennsylvania were digitized by PHMC from the original documents in the collections of the National Archives and Records Administration.   This dataset includes agricultural production data compiled from Schedule 4 - Productions of Agriculture of the 1850 census and aggregated at the county and municipality level.  The visualization combines a timeless practice with the latest advancements in technology. The interactive map of Pennsylvania depicting the value of farms and amounts of livestock provides users with a glimpse into agricultural life in 1850.
ES - Personnel Action Requests ES Accuracy
Measures the accuracy of processing ES personnel action requests.
Risk Management - Payments to Healthcare Providers for Inmate Care, by Payment Year, by Vendor
A list of payments to healthcare providers for services rendered to Sheriff detainees that were paid beginning in December 2010 through July 2012.
Tobacco- and Smoke-Free Worksite, Housing & Campus Policies in Travis County
This dataset contains the most current tobacco- and smoke-free worksite, multi-unit housing & campus policies in Travis County. Austin Public Health works with organizations and companies to implement tobacco-free policies to protect employees, visitors, and customers.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Haiti, 2012 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Haiti as part of its 2012 of round surveys.   The 2012 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with the field work being carried out by Borge y Asociados.
DOF Property Assessment Change
Changes to Property Assessment. The data is collected and entered into the system from different sources within the agency and is a record of value changes to assessments and exemptions for property.
Public and Private Education Institutions 2017 - Current Education
This is a listing of public and private education institutions with indicators if the institution was open starting with School Year 2017-2018 to most current information. This information is obtained through the Department of Education.
150- FY19-Proposed Performance Metrics, Obj. 1.1
Violent crime reduction
Speed Survey Locations
The City collects speed data from a number of locations across the entire city. The devices used to collect this speed data are referred to as speed survey equipment. To read more about the devices used, please follow this link:   http://mhcorbin.com/Products/Product-Detail/Article/43/NC350-BlueStar-Traffic-Analyzer  This dataset is a listing of the locations of where the speed survey units have been installed.  It also indicates the direction of traffic the unit is installed in and if there is more than one lane of traffic, it also has a lane number to designate that.
Iowa Pandemic Recovery Reporting: Federal Funds Awarded
This dataset provides information on Federal funds awarded to the State of Iowa Executive Branch agencies that are considered covered funds under Section 15011 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act.  Covered funds are federal funds appropriated through one of the following: the CARES Act; the Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2020 (Public Law 116–123); the Families First Coronavirus Response Act (Public Law 116–127); or any other Act primarily making appropriations for the Coronavirus response and related activities.
DOF: Condominium comparable rental income – Staten Island - FY 2010/2011
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Schedule: Annually
Citywide Mobility Survey - Household Survey 2019
The Citywide Mobility Survey (CMS) is NYC DOT's annual travel survey to assess the travel behavior, preferences, and attitudes of NYC residents. It is composed of 5 linked data tables - this one is the 2019 CMS Household Survey.
2016 NYC Open Data Plan: FOIL Summary Statistics
Agency FOIL reporting as per Local 7 of 2016.
Parking Violations Issued - Fiscal Year 2018
Parking Violations Issuance datasets contain violations issued during the respective fiscal year. The Issuance datasets are not updated to reflect violation status, the information only represents the violation(s) at the time they are issued. Since appearing on an issuance dataset, a violation may have been paid, dismissed via a hearing, statutorily expired, or had other changes to its status. To see the current status of outstanding parking violations, please look at the Open Parking & Camera Violations dataset.</p>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2020 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2020/pvqr-7yc4">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2019 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2019/faiq-9dfq">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2018 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2018/a5td-mswe">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2017 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2017/2bnn-yakx">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2016 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2016/kiv2-tbus">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2015 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2015/c284-tqph">here</a>  • Parking Violations Issued Fiscal Year 2014 can be found <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Parking-Violations-Issued-Fiscal-Year-2014/jt7v-77mi">here</a>
Comentarios_Campaña_#CrecerVerdeEs
La campaña #CrecerVerdeEs buscó identificar qué tanto saben los ciudadanos sobre Crecimiento Verde e invitarlos a que realicen el curso virtual y gratuito que lanza el DNP
Public Works Active Right of Way Permits
Active (valid / in process) issued Right-of-Way (ROW) permits for partial or full street, lane, or sidewalk closures, sidewalk cafes, excavations, driveway construction, or construction trailers/dumpsters in Davidson County. These permits may be related to construction projects, special events, films, or parades.
Energy Resources - Locates
This dataset contains the necessary information to compute the average cost of a utility locate in the Mesa and/or Magma Service Areas (see Service Area maps). A utility locate involves identification of all underground utilities prior to excavation in a specified area. A utility locate is initiated, usually by a homeowner or excavator, by calling 811 or contacting Arizona’s 811 center’s website and providing the address, county and nearest cross street of where they’re planning to dig, as well as the type of project they’re completing and the exact area on the property they’re planning to dig. 811 then contacts the city’s utilities so they can mark the presence of any underground utilities in the proposed project area. Utility locates can contribute to increased safety to people and property and can eliminate unexpected costs due to accidental damage of buried utilities.  A locate can be initiated by either a homeowner or an excavator.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Legal Contracted Providers
Listing of DFTA Legal Contracts Information and Hours of Operation.
Development Log Historical Projects 1997 - 2019
The Development Log provides an record of large-scale development projects occurring in the City of Cambridge. The Log, updated on a quarterly basis, is distributed to City departments and the public to keep them posted about development progress, from permitting through construction to completion. The Historical Projects table include information about projects completed prior to 2020. The table includes general project information, such as development status and statistics related to the entire project. Limited information is available projects completed prior to 2011.   Since a project may include more than one use, data on each specific use found within a project is found in the associated Project Use table found here: https://data.cambridgema.gov/Planning/Development-Log-Historical-Projects-Use-Data/r5mv-isth.
Percent Of Children Tested Annual Blood Lead Levels All States
Percent Of Children Tested Annual Blood Lead Levels All States
Adult Obesity, Life Expectancy and Food Insecurity
Adult obesity, life expectancy and food insecurity in Marin County, CA, by 2010 Census Tract, for years 2005 – 2009 for obesity and food insecurity, and for years 2005 – 2010 for life expectancy.
Rain Barrels And Cisterns Issued Through LADWP Rebate Program
Residential rain barrels and cisterns issued through the LADWP-MWD rebate program, toward our goal of increasing the local water supply. This dataset is used in the stormwater dashboard (in progress) and Sustainable City pLAn.
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2009 Q3
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2009 Q3
Pago servicio alumbrado Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística Pago servicio alumbrado Municipio de Chia 2018
Resultados de los hallazgos de las Auditorías realizadas por la CGDC
Resultado de los hallazgos encontrados, producto de las auditorias realizadas por la Contraloria General del Departamento de Córdoba a nuestros sujetos de control para las vigencias 2019 y 2020.
Signed Statement Registration Numbers
This file contains a list of Signed Statement Registration Numbers in Texas.
MTA.GreenwaveBicycleSignals
A. SUMMARY Point features that represent the location of traffic signals in San Francisco that are timed for bicycle green wave  B. METHODOLOGY  N/A  C. UPDATE FREQUENCY  Quarterly
PROYECCIÓN PRESUPUESTO INGRESOS 2020
PROYECCIÓN PRESUPUESTO INGRESOS 2020
Labour Force Participation Employed Persons, 15 years and over, 2016, N.B. / Participation à la population active Personnes occupées, 15 ans et plus, 2016 N.-B.
This table presents information on the labour market participation of New Brunswickers aged 15 and over. The information is the number of persons; employed, unemployed and not in the labour force according to the 2016 Census. / Ce tableau présente de l'information sur la participation au marché du travail des Néo-Brunswickois de 15 ans et plus. L'information est le nombre de personnes ; employées, en chômage et inactives selon le recensement de 2016.
AmeriCorps Member Exit Survey 01/01/2018 - 12/31/2018
The purpose of the Member Exit Survey is to collect information about AmeriCorps members’ experiences.  All exiting AmeriCorps State and National, VISTA, and NCCC members who complete a term of service are invited to complete the survey.    - A copy of the complete survey questions is provided as an attachment.  - Responses from Question 2, Question 27, and  all open-ended questions are excluded.  - Responses from Northern Mariana Islands and Guam are combined.  - Responses from Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico are combined.
2014 Minority Veterans vs Minority Non-Veterans Characteristics
Dataset showing various statistics and measures of minority veterans and minority non-veterans as of 2014
2015-Salaries-Lottery-063015
Salaries of Oregon Lottery work force - 2015. For more information go to: http://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/state_workforce.aspx#State_Employee_Salary:_Historical_Reports
Market Saturation And Utilization CBSA Dataset 2020-06-19
The Market Saturation and Utilization Data Tool includes an interactive map and a data set that shows CBSA-level provider services and utilization data for selected health service areas. The tool can be used to monitor market saturation as a means to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse. The data can also be used to reveal the degree to which use of a service is related to the number of providers servicing a geographic region. Note: The export feature in the interactive data set may result in reordering of the data records. It is recommended that users sort the exported data by variables(s) of interest to ensure all records are included.
Inventario de Activos de Información de la ESE Municipal de Villavicencio
Inventarios de Activos de Información de Información de la ESE Municipal de Villavicencio
Plantas Vereda El Rosal Puerres Nariño
Datos obtenidos del Estudio Biofísico Socioeconómico y Ambiental para la Declaratoria como Área Protegida del Ecosistema de Alta Montaña del Cerro Negro - San Francisco para la Conservación de la Biodiversidad y Regulación del Recurso Hídrico dentro del Corredor Andino Amazónico.
Plumbing Permits
This data set pertains to all types of plumbing and mechanical permits. Data includes details on application/permit numbers, job addresses, supervisorial districts, and the current status of the applications. Data is uploaded weekly by DBI. Users can access permit information online through DBI’s Permit Tracking System which is 24/7 at www.sfdbi.org/dbipts.
Report Card Dual Language 2016-17 School Year
This file includes Report Card Dual Language data for the 2016-17 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes programmatic information, including language of instruction, program design, program model, dual language programming grade span, and dual language education websites. Please review the notes below for more information.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada - Superintendencia del Subsidio Familiar
Inventario de la información pública que puede causar un daño a determinados derechos o intereses públicos (Reserva) o privados (Clasificación), por lo que no es publicable.
Engineering - Sidewalks
This data set contains the location and status of sidewalk sections in the City of Grand Rapids.
Employer Contrib
Employer Contributions
Strategic Performance Measures
Complete set of strategic-level performance measures with current and historic metric values.
STORES AND PACKAGE AGENCIES DABC 2015
This data set contains stores and package agencies managed by the Division of Alcohol and Beverage Control for Utah 2015.
Superservicios-C11_Informacion_vehIculos_repartidores_GLP_cilindros_GLP
Información vehículos repartidores de GLP en  cilindros. GLP
Causas de Morbilidad por enfermedades No Transmisibles
Diez primeros Sub Grupos de Causas de Morbilidad por enfermedades No Transmisibles en Población General del Municipio de Roncesvalles. 2010 - 2014
Animal Control - Species By Color - Fiscal Year 2011 Incomplete
Species by color data for part of fiscal year 2011. Data last updated September 2011
UrbanSim Building Types
Lookup table for UrbanSim building types and categories based on https://github.com/BayAreaMetro/petrale/blob/master/incoming/dv_buildings_det_type_lu.csv
Reporte Información FUT Ingresos
Reporte de Información FUT Ingresos
Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts (Taxomony)
An agency-verified dataset of City-funded contracted social service provision locations.  This is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=Verified+Locations+for+NYC+City-Funded+Social+Service+Contracts'>Verified Locations for NYC City-Funded Social Service Contracts collection</a>.
Millard County Employment Projections 2012-2022
This data set contains employment and occupational projections for Millard, Piute, Sanpete, Sevier and Wayne Counties from 2012-2022.
WiredNYC – All Buildings Data
This dataset contains building information for all buildings that have completed a WiredNYC survey.  This includes buildings that have opted-out from displaying their profiles publicly.  Therefore, the building-specific data (e.g. building address) provided is anonymous and only linked to the borough the building is located in.
2013 State Employee Pay
Pay Information for calendar year 2013 for the employees of the State of Missouri by their Agency of employment, Position Title or Employee name.
Número de afiliados por departamento, régimen y edad para el año 2018 y 2019
Número de afiliados por departamento, régimen y edad para el año 2018  y 2019
Austin Energy System Peak Demand
System peak demand is the largest amount of electricty consumed by Austin Energy customers at one time. Every year for the past five years, the system peak occurred between 4 and 5 p.m. The utilty is constantly working to assure the distribution grid is ready and capable of handling the peak energy demand that occurs during the summer months. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
BIENES INMUEBLES DE LA GOBERNACIÓN DE NORTE DE SANTANDER 2017
Inventario de bienes inmuebles pertenecientes a la Gobernación de Norte de Santander, ubicados en todos los municipios del departamento 2017
Possible F+W Habitat Areas
Areas of fish and wildlife habitats that are regulated in unincorporated Pierce County. Numerous species are included in this list of endangered, threatened, sensitive, candidate and monitor species. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbplan_potential_fw_habitat_cons_areas.html) for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
State Park Visitation Totals 2016
Utah Division of Parks and Recreation Fiscal Year 2016 Visitation data for State Parks in Utah.
Early Childhood Program Participation Data
Dataset showing children’s growth and achievement in relation to their participation in a variety of educational and social programs over time.
FY2015 Annual Report EMS Safety Data
** Static Data Set ** This table shows activities done by the ATCEMS Safety Office for FY2015. It has been uploaded to support the ATCEMS FY2015 annual report. THE DATA IN THIS TABLE WILL NOT BE UPDATED.
2013 Property Tax Roll
This dataset contains property tax information for the calendar year 2013. Taxes are calculated from property values, and billed in Fiscal Year 2014, which runs from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014. The properties include Residential, Commercial and Publicly Held parcels and structures.
Green Seattle Partnership Data Set
Annual acres enrolled and volunteer hours for the Green Seattle Partnership.  Used a combination of work logs and field verification.  Going forward we have the entire system mapped and can use the field verification for acres enrolled.  The goal is from the benchmarks in the 20-year plan.
Iowa UI Average Benefit Cost Rate and Average Tax Rate Based on Total Wages
This dataset computes the  Benefit Cost Rate and Average Tax Rate based on total wages.  UI benefits and contributions are divided by total wages in order to control for employment and wage growth.  For example, the highest benefit payout was $772 million in 2009.  However, 2009 was the third highest payout when controlled for wage growth.  Both 1982 and 1983 had higher Benefit Cost Rates.     The highest Benefit Cost Rate was 2.63% in 1982.  The highest Average Tax Rate based on total wages was 1.89% in 1985.  The lowest Benefit Cost Rate was 0.53% in 1998.  The lowest Average Tax Rate based on total wages was 0.49% in 1988.  Data excludes reimbursable employers.  (Time period: 1980-2018).
Linked Learning Pathway Enrollment
The measurement is percent of OUSD students (in Grades 10, 11, and 12) by race/ethnicity who are not enrolled in a Linked Learning Pathway. According to OUSD, Linked Learning is a successful approach to education based on the idea that students work harder and dream bigger if their education is relevant to them. These pathways, also known as college and career pathways, are a set of high school courses and work-based learning experiences such as internships that link academic learning to real world careers and college majors.
Heat Stress Emergency Room Visits (2005-2014)
Heat stress related ER visits between 2005 - 2014 Data includes estimates of population by SPA (requested from LA County Public Health for the purposes of normalizing counts of ED visits) and heat stress ED visits by Special Planning Area (from LACDPH). Data was normalized by raw counts by population.SPA 5 and 6 for all years except 2008 were low.
Estadistica 2015 - Aves
Estadistica 2015 - Aves
Railroad Right-of-Way
Legally defined right-of-way (ROW) boundary of railroads within Mesa planning area. Most documents that describe rail road rights-of-way are deeds or survey documents. Data represents railroads ROW from the City’s inception and is updated when changes are made to the railroad ROW. Railroad ROW depicts a major mode of transportation and is a potential factor in economic development and emergency response.
2019 Census - Population by Age Range (Neighbourhood/Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2019. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.  Census data has been collected and made available within the guidelines outlined in Policy C520C.  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/documents/PoliciesDirectives/C520C.pdf
SCIENCE Scores All Schools Utah Sage 2014
SCIENCE Scores All Schools Utah Sage 2014
Plain Language Guidelines
At least 60% of brochures in circulation and developed by the Health Education Section will be according to "plain language guidelines" by June 30, 2020.
EPS Historical Missing Person Files
This dataset provides statistics on historical missing person files that is the responsibility of EPS. A historical missing person is someone who has been reported missing 90+ days. Statistics here also include several files where human remains have been found and have yet to be identified.    Concluded Historical Missing Person files are those where the historical missing person is located (alive or deceased) or new evidence suggests the missing person is in another policing jurisdiction - in which case investigative responsibility is transferred to the other policing jurisdiction.    The number of concluded files and added files up to the end of 2015 are annual figures; figures in 2016 are based on a yearly quarter.
Sedes Educativas Municipio de Gama
El presente archivo muestra información con respecto a la Institución Educativa Departamental Técnica Agropecuaria Martín Romero  y cada una de sus sedes Educativas existentes tanto en el área urbana como rural del Municipio de Gama Cundinamarca.
Indice de Información Clasificada / Reservada Gobernación de Antioquia
Indice de la información generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por la Gobernación de Antioquia, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada (Ley 1712 de 2014).
HFH_Rapid Rehousing2017
Active clients in the Rapid Re-Housing Program
Short-Term Accommodations Registry Data
Owners/operators/hosts of short-term rental accommodations (rented for 28 days or less) must register, beginning April 1, 2020, under the Tourist Accommodations and Registration Act. The registry allows government to capture data around the supply and location of rental accommodations, and "level the playing field" for all short-term accommodations operators. The intention is to share neighbourhood level (not individual level) accommodations data on the open data portal to give citizens an understanding of the type and number of short-term rental accommodations within their communities. No personally identifying information is shared through the open data portal.
AMS Pasadena Main Data
The data in this data environment was collected from the Pasadena, California testbed, namely I-210, SR 134, and nearby arterials. The source of these data is from the Caltrans – Performance Measurement System (PeMS). Speed data from this dataset were used to derive the freeway travel time. There are three separate text files with one for each operational condition.
Neighborhood Reporting Areas
City of Austin Neighborhood Reporting Areas
Restaurantes
Restaurantes del municipio de Anzoátegui.
featured_stories
Template Dataset: featured_stories
Nova Scotia Provincial Ambient Ground-level Ozone (O3) Hourly Data Halifax Johnston
Hourly ambient ground-level ozone (O3) data in parts per billion from provincial ambient air quality monitoring stations across Nova Scotia up to the end of 2019.  This air quality station was established to replace the "Halifax Vogue" air quality monitoring station which ceased monitoring at the end of 2017. The Halifax Vogue station was less than 1 block away from the new "Halifax Johnston" station.
Traffic Sign Maintenance _ Quarterly
Quarterly data on sign call-outs and replacements (both scheduled and unscheduled).
Chicago Park District: Movies in the Parks 2017
List of all Movies in the Parks events. This list is a one-time upload and cancellations will not be updated. Please visit the Chicago Park District website or call the Movies in the Parks hotline at 312-742-1134 to check for cancellations due to weather.
Housing Landlord-Tenant Disputes
The Housing Landlord-Tenant Case Tracking dataset includes tracking information, complaints and individual case dispositions. The data is updated monthly.
Daños Red Matriz 2015
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE DAÑOS  AL MES EN LA RED MATRIZ DE AGUA
Puntos Vive Digital Villavicencio
Ubicación y Horario de Atención de los Puntos Vive Digital de Villavicencio
ESTRATIFICACIÓN Y CERTIFICACIÓN DE RIESGO PRIMER TRIMESTRE de 2019
ESTRATIFICACIÓN, PUBLICIDAD EXTERIOR VISUAL Y CERTIFICACIONES DE RIESGO FEBRERO MARZO Y ABRIL 2019
TARIFAS DE ENERGÍA EDEQ S.A ESP AGOSTO 2019
Tarifas de la Empresa de Energía del Quindío S.A ESP agosto 2019
Land Converted From Non-Cropland To Cropland By Counties In Utah 2012
This data set contains FSA (Farm Service Agency) cropland converted from non-cropland to cropland by counties in Utah.  From United States Dept of Agriculture
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of November 2017.</p>
EFICIENCIA INTERNA MATRICULAS A JULIO DE 2018
Capacidad demostrada por el sistema educativo para retener la población matriculada hasta que termine con todos sus grados establecidos para el nivel respectivo, y para promover esa población de un grado a otro con la debida fluidez, evitando así la pérdida de tiempo.
Oportunidad de asignación de citas Octubre 2019
Oportunidad de Citas
San Mateo County Energy Use 1990 - 2012
Energy data gathered from: '1990-1996 Electricity Use: PG&E Environmental Quality Reports, 2001, 1990-1996 Natural Gas Use: California Energy Commission, 2001, Both electricity and natural gas figures have been changed to reflect revisions given to us by Andrea Gough on 1/27/07 and 1/22/08. Additional Data from Silicon Valley Environmental Partnership (SVEP), 2003 Silicon Valley Environmental Index.  Data from Peter Melhus, former SVEP Board Chair & Data Source: http://www.ecdms.energy.ca.gov/
Fiscal Year 2016 County Executive Recommended Operating Budget
This dataset includes the Fiscal Year* 2016 County Executive Recommended operating budget for Montgomery County. The dataset does not include revenues and detailed agency budget information (only includes agency budget information by fund); each agency, such as Montgomery County Public Schools, maintain their individual budget information.  *The 12-month period to which the annual operating and capital budgets and their respective appropriations apply. The Montgomery County fiscal year starts on July 1st and ends on June 30th.   Update Frequency: Annually
2017 Utah Office Visit Provider Payment Comparisons: Office Visits (CPT 99201-99215)
This dataset contains information about cost at the provider level for office visit (codes CPT 99201-99215) for clinics in Utah. These data are intended “to facilitate the promotion and accessibility of quality and cost-effective health care.”
Hudson River Estuary Grants Program Awards:  Beginning 1999
This dataset provides the year, county, amount, grant category, general location, and project name of Hudson River Estuary Grants.  This program is managed by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC).  It began in 1987 and focuses on the tidalHudson and its adjacent watershed
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of January 2018</p>
Sports Grounds In The ACT
A list of the sports and recreation grounds in the ACT.
Residential Dwelling Characteristics
This dataset contains location, address and property characteristics for residential improved properties in Nova Scotia.
RR Submission Version Data B1(December 2012)
This table contains all the column names and their descriptions for the RR_SUBMISSION_VERSION_DATA_B1 CSV. This CSV contains the Table B1 data contained in each submitted Part 1 Rate Summary Form.
SECOP II - Solicitudes CDPs
Información detallada de las integraciones desarrolladas para la comprobación de información de CDPs en la plataforma, asociadas a un contrato
Transparency – Utah Local Government Expense 2019
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
3200 D Probation Department New Measures June 2014
updated measure
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS173
Driver Feedback Sign DFS173    Latitude: 53.46166  Longitude: -113.39838    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Right of Way Exception Codes
a child table of --Right of Way Exception Data--.  a look up table for exception code values
Data on food consumption in Zinder and Maradi in Niger: Section 9
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the ninth spreadsheet of tenin the Data on food consumption in Zinder and Maradi in Niger.
Bronx Laundromats
locations of laundromats in the Bronx
PRODUCTIVIDAD AÑO 2.018 PROMOCIÓN y PREVENCIÓN
Productividad PyP IMSALUD 2018
Matriculados por nacionalidad 2019-1
Nacionalidad de los matriculados para el periodo 2019-1
State Correction Population June 2015 - Current Monthly County Corrections
One of the governor’s goals related to public safety is the Department of Corrections will reduce its state correction population by 5% by 2020. DOC overall total population directly drives the Department’s budget. The baseline for the goal is the total population on June 30, 2015. On June 30, 2015, the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections overall population was 50,366.    This dataset contains the total number of state corrections population in the Department’s custody at the end of each month, including those in prison, in contracted county jails, in community phases of the State Intermediate Punishment (SIP) program, in Parole Violator Centers (PVCs), and on temporary transfer to other jurisdictions.    DOC publishes a Monthly Population Report to the DOC Website (www.cor.pa.gov). The information published to the website includes the data set and breakdown of populations in each institution.
Nova Scotia Assessment Results by Year and Board - Mathematics in Grade 8
Provides assessment results for Mathematics (scaled score and performance level) for each year assessment has been administered. Consult plans.ednet.ns.ca for more information on the assessments.
Number of Aquaculture, Fish Buyer and Processor Licences by County
A dataset of number of currently valid aquaculture, fish buyer, and fish processor licences by county.
DYCD after-school programs: Adolescent Literacy
Facilities in New York City, by agency and site, that offer after-school programs and learning resources for adolescent literacy.
Directorio de Instituciones Educativas Oficiales L
Base de datos de instituciones educativas oficiales del municipio del Líbano
Histórico - Número de afiliados por departamento, régimen y sexo para el mes de diciembre de los años 2009 a 2017
Histórico - Número de afiliados por departamento, régimen y sexo para el mes de diciembre de los años 2009 a 2017.
On The Map Inflow Primary Data
Source: U.S. Census Bureau, OnTheMap Application and LEHD Origin-Destination Employment Statistics (Beginning of Quarter Employment, 2nd Quarter of 2002-2014). Selection area is TID 36 - Downtown boundary.  Note: Educational Attainment is only produced for workers aged 30 and over.
ESTABLECIMIENTOS COMERCIALES DE QUEBRADANEGRA Y SU INSPECCIÓN
El Municipio de Quebradanegra, da a conocer el archivo con la información actualizada de todos los establecimientos comerciales del Municipio de Quebradanegra e Inspección La Magdalena, a cargo de la Secretaria de Desarrollo Económico, donde estipula quienes realizan Servicio de Domicilios.
Self Hauler Registrants
Companies listed as of the most recent export date have been issued Class 1 self-hauler registrations by the Business Integrity Commission. They are authorized to remove, collect or dispose of trade waste that is generated in the course of operation of such person's business. (Companies removing, collecting or disposing of construction and demolition debris must apply for Exemption from Licensing Requirements, otherwise known as Class 2 Construction and Demolition Registration).    This data is collected on the entities that apply with the commission to operate as class 1 self hauler registrants.     Each record represents an entity that is approved to operate in the City of New York by the Commission.     The  Application Type field denotes the class of application 'CL1' noting the type of applicant which is Class 1 Self Hauler Registration    The BIC Number field is unique to every company that applies to the Commission.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2018 - Graffiti
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2017 to September 30, 2018.
Missouri River Water Trail Access Points
Missouri River Water Trail Access Points
Lineas de Emergencia Municipio de Funza Cundinamarca
Números telefónicos de los diferentes cuadrantes y lineas de atención del municipio de Funza Cundinamarca
Sitios para visitar en el Municipio de Tuluá
Sitios turísticos para visitar en el Municipio de Tuluá - Georeferenciados
NNDSS - TABLE 1MM. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus to Guanarito virus
NNDSS - TABLE 1MM. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus to Guanarito virus – 2020.  In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).  § Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers". NNDSS was updated beginning in 2015 to receive data for each of the viral hemorrhagic fevers listed.
Wildlife Sightings (BioBlitz 2014)
Melbourne BioBlitz is one of the City of Melbourne’s major citizen science programs, where experts and members of the community work together to discover, document, and learn about the species that call our city home.     The 2014 BioBlitz was held between 31 October and 15 November 2014. Over 700 citizens participated in 53 events led by 90 volunteer ecologists and experts. It gave Melburnians the unique opportunity to work alongside professional and amateur naturalists to discover Melbourne's biodiversity and help to produce a list of species living in our city.    The City of Melbourne has analysed the data collected in past BioBlitzes and is now building a baseline dataset against which future changes in biodiversity can be measured and evaluated.
Capacity Projects  by schools
Capacity project detail by school.
Crime Incidents
A snapshot of Crime Incidents from the Honolulu Police Department
Feed the Future Ethiopia Value Chain Activity FY 2018 Annual Performance Monitoring Survey - Household Roster & Access to Credit
Demographic and access to finance variables. One row per household member.
Segal AmeriCorps Education Award: Detailed Payments by Institution
Detailed dataset of total payments made to higher education and loan holding institutions from Fiscal Year 1995 through Fiscal Year 2016.
Generation Capacity And Capacity Factor FY 2018
For Austin Energy’s coal and nuclear assets, this table reports only Austin Energy’s 50 percent share of units 1 and 2 at the Fayette Power Project and 16 percent share of the South Texas Project. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
Dog Names
Names of registered dogs from Anchorage Animal Care and Control as of 01/09/2019 in the Municipality of Anchorage
Publicaciones_E_Interacciones_Campaña_#MejorTransparente
La campaña #MejorTransparente tenía como objetivo promover el registro de las entidades en las capacitaciones para el reporte del Índice de Transparencia y Acceso a la Información (ITA).
Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos Alcaldía Municipal de Inzá Cauca, Vigencia 2018
Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos Alcaldía Municipal de Inzá Cauca, Vigencia 2018
Vacunación Caninos Y Felinos Primer Semestre En Candelaria Valle Del Cauca Año 2019
Vacunación de Caninos Y Felinos primer semestre que se realizo en el municipio de candelaria valle Año 2019
Special Public Works Fund
Loans and grants from the Special Public Works Fund made in Fiscal Years 2019-2020 under ORS.285B.410-285B.482. The Special Public Works Fund provides funds for publicly-owned facilities that support economic and community development in Oregon. For more information visit https://www.orinfrastructure.org/Infrastructure-Programs/SPWF/
City of Cincinnati Revenue
Data Description: This data set contains all City of Cincinnati revenue sources by resource (revenue) name and code from 2014 to present.  Data Creation: This data is pulled directly from the City's financial software; which centralizes all department financial transactions city wide.     Data Created By: The Cincinnati Financial System (CFS)  Refresh Frequency: Daily  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Police Chief Search Survey Results
Responses from the public to Nashville’s Police Chief Search Survey conducted via hubNashville.
Festividades municipio de Puerres
Festividades municipio de Puerres
Assessor - Publicly Owned Parcels Listing
Listing of current parcels within Los Angeles County owned by governmental or public agencies.  NOTE: Because of lesser priority given to maintaining property records for non-taxable government-owned parcels, the parcel usage and even the property address shown here may not be up-to-date.
Balance General Gobernacion de Antioquia desde 2014
Cuentas de clase y grupo del balance general de la Gobernación de Antioquia. Saldos finales en pesos de cada año desde 2014. se actualiza cada año con los datos del año anterior.
Civil Service List Certification
A List Certification includes the names of eligible candidates on an Active Civil Service List that has been established.  The Certification may contain part of a list, the whole list, or multiple lists at the request of an appointing agency, to fill vacancies and/or replace provisionals.  Eligible candidates on a Certification may be considered for probable appointment at the appointing Agency.  For more information visit DCAS’ “Work for the City” webpage at: https://www1.nyc.gov/site/dcas/employment/take-an-exam.page
Generalidades  del Tolima
Generalidades  del Tolima
Reclamaciones Noche Agua Potable 2017
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMACIONES MENSUALES DE NOCHE DE AGUA POTABLE
Muertes Accidentales Según Edad Y Género De La Víctima en el Municipio de Santiago de Cali 1994 - 2017
El Observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia pone a su disposición Muertes accidentales según edad y género de la víctima en el Municipio de Santiago de Cali 1994 - 2017
AFSC/ABL: Stock composition, timing, and spawning distribution of Yukon River Chinook salmon
Radio telemetry was used to determine the distribution, locate spawning sites, and evaluate the tagging response of wild Chinook salmon Oncorhynchus tshawytscha returning to a large, free-flowing river basin. A total of 2,860 fish were radio tagged in the lower Yukon River and tracked upriver. Fish traveled to spawning areas throughout the basin, ranging from several hundred to over 3,000 km from the tagging site. We found similar distribution patterns across years, suggesting that the major components of the return were identified. Most spawning fish were clustered in a number of principal tributaries, although small numbers of fish were located in other spatially-isolated areas. The cumulative contribution of these minor stocks was appreciable, making up 28-31% of the tagged sample. There was suggestive evidence of mainstem spawning in upper reaches of the basin. Large-scale elevation and physiographic data were useful in categorizing spawning areas, with most fish returning to relatively entrenched upland rivers. Fish were largely absent in lowland reaches characterized by meandering, low gradient, alluvial channels often associated with main river floodplains. The fish generally responded well to the capture, handling, and tagging procedures with most (2,790, 97.6%) resuming upriver movements, although the fish initially displayed a negative tagging response, with slower migration rates observed immediately after release. The duration of this response was relatively short (several days) and less severe as the fish moved upriver. The swimming speeds of radio-tagged fish after the initial delay were comparable to estimates for untagged fish, further suggesting that the capture, handling, and tagging methods used were relatively benign. Identifying the primary components of the run (including both major and minor stocks) and determining site-specific utilization patterns can fundamentally enhance salmon management in large river basins, and facilitate research and conservation efforts.
Colorado Licensed Child Care Facilities Report
This dataset includes all non-24 hour licensed child care facilities  in the State of Colorado. It is updated monthly, and is intended for public use. It includes CDHS-issued child care license numbers, legal business names as they appear in the licensing application, the types of service the programs provide, the physical location address es of the programs as they appear in the licensing application, the longitude-latitude coordinate values derived from geocoding services and spatial QA, the valid Colorado Shines quality rating levels (if applicable), total licensed capacities, and CCCAP utilization and fiscal agreement.  Disclaimer: The State of Colorado, the Colorado Department of Human Services, and the Office of Early Childhood make no representations or warranties expressed or implied, with respect to the use of data provided herewith regardless of its format or the means of its transmission. There is no guarantee or representation to the user as to the accuracy, currency, suitability, or reliability of this data for any purpose. The user accepts the data “as is”. The State of Colorado assumes no responsibility for loss or damage incurred as a result of any user reliance on this data. Users of this information should review or consult the primary data and information sources to ascertain the usability of the information. The State of Colorado does not necessarily endorse any interpretations or products derived from the data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of August 2018.</p>
Floor space by block by ANZSIC
Data collected as part of the City of Melbourne's Census of Land Use and Employment (CLUE). The data covers the period 2002-2019. It shows floor space (in square meters) per city (CLUE) block, classified by their ANZSIC1 industry and small area allocation.   The City of Melbourne creates unique codes to account for floor space allocated to residential space, vacant space, open space and common area. These unique codes are not included within ANZSIC 1 classification and therefore these floor areas are not included in this data set.  This data set has been confidentialised to protect the commercially sensitive information of individual businesses. Data in cells which pertain to two or fewer businesses have been suppressed and are shown as a blank cell. The row and column totals refer to the true total, including those suppressed cells.  Non-confidentialised data may be made available subject to a data supply agreement. For more information contact clue@melbourne.vic.gov.au  For CLUE block spatial files see https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Census-of-Land-Use-and-Employment-Blocks/aia8-ryiq  For more information about CLUE see http://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/clue  For more information about the ANZSIC industry classification system see http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/1292.0
Number of live births, by age of mother, 2014 – 2018, N.B. / Nombre de naissances vivantes, selon l'âge de la mère, 2014-2018, N.B.
Number of live births, by age of mother, 2014 – 2018, N.B. / Nombre de naissances vivantes, selon l'âge de la mère, 2014-2018, N.B.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Guatemala, 2014 - Data
A part of the 2014 round of public opinion surveys implemented by LAPOP, the Guatemala survey was carried out between April 1st and May 10th of 2014.  It is a follow-up of the national surveys since 1992.  The 2014 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and Asociation de Investigacion y Estudios Sociales (ASIES). The 2014 AmericasBarometer received generous support from many sources, including USAID, UNDP, IADB, Vanderbilt U., Princeton U., Université Laval, U. of Notre Dame, among others.
CDPH Environmental Records Lookup Table
This dataset serves as a lookup table to determine if environmental records exist in a Chicago Department of Public Health (CDPH) environmental dataset for a given address.     Data fields requiring description are detailed below.   MAPPED LOCATION: Contains the address, city, state and latitude/longitude coordinates of the facility. In instances where the facility address is a range, the lower number (the value in the “Street Number From” column) is used. For example, for the range address 1000-1005 S Wabash Ave, the Mapped Location would be 1000 S Wabash Ave. The latitude/longitude coordinate is determined through the Chicago Open Data Portal’s geocoding process.  Addresses that fail to geocode are assigned the coordinates 41.88415000022252°, -87.63241000012124°.This coordinate is located approximately just south of the intersection of W Randolph and N LaSalle.  COMPLAINTS:  A ‘Y’ indicates that one or more records exist in the CDPH Environmental Complaints dataset.   NESHAPS & DEMOLITON NOTICES:  A ‘Y’ indicates that one or more records exist in the CDPH Asbestos and Demolition Notification dataset.   ENFORCEMENT:  A ‘Y’ indicates that one or more records exist in the CDPH Environmental Enforcement dataset.   INSPECTIONS:  A ‘Y’ indicates that one or more records exist in the CDPH Environmental Inspections dataset.   PERMITS:  A ‘Y’ indicates that one or more records exist in the CDPH Environmental Permits dataset.   TANKS:  A ‘Y’ indicates that one or more records exist in the CDPH Storage Tanks dataset.  Each 'Y' is a clickable link that will download the corresponding records in CSV format.
PRR 2635 2010
PRR 22635 crime lab employee stats for 2010
HCAHPS Hospital Ratings For Utah
A list of Utah hospital ratings for the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS). HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
CorStat - Social Media Summary
Summary of the social media accounts utilized by the City of Corona. Data is provided by Sprout Social, a social media monitoring tool. <br>  <b>Update Frequency:</b> Monthly<br>  <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Parques
Listado de parques del Municipio de Monterrey.
NNDSS - TABLE 1O. Hansen's disease to Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome
NNDSS - TABLE 1O. Hansen's disease to Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome - 2020. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).  § Includes data for old world hantavirus infections, such as Seoul virus infections. Prior to 2015, this condition was not nationally notifiable and data for this condition was not submitted to CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). ¶ Includes data for Andes virus infections.
Pacific Expenditure RDD Data 2000
Random Digital Dial household phone survey data  A series of expenditure surveys have been done both regionally and nationally. This data pertains to the West coast states . Expenditures on trips by mode (for-hire, private boat, and shore) were collected for both residents and non-residents of each state, and annual expenditures on durable goods were collected by resident status. Expenditures were collected both as an add-on to the intercept, and a followup phone survey with those who completed the intercept and a separate random sample of households.
Advanced Experiences in Cybersecurity Policies and Practices Data Set
This set comprises the data collected to inform the Discussion Paper: Advanced Experiences in Cybersecurity Policies and Practices- an Overview of Estonia, Israel, South Korea and the United States, result of the collaboration between Dr. James A. Lewis from the Center for Strategic International Studies (CSIS) and the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB). The data is based on the Cybersecurity Capability Maturity Model (CMM) jointly developed by the Organization of American States (OAS), the Inter-American Development Bank and the Global Cyber Security Capacity Center (GCSCC) at the University of Oxford and it supports the structured assessment of these four countries cybersecurity experiences and the lessons learned derived from them. This data set compliments the 2016 Cyber Security Report Data Set published in April 2016.<br><br><b>Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/a9yc-jpsa</b></br></br>
DSS Township Counts - by Assistance Type - CY 2015
DSS CY 2015 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2015, by township and assistance type. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used.
Electric Vehicle Charging Equipment Rebates
A list of rebates for electric vehicle charging equipment. The state provides such rebates for Level 2 electric vehicle charging equipment.
Existing Commercial Wireless Telecommunication Services Facilities in San Francisco
Existing Commercial Wireless Telecommunication Services Facilities in San Francisco Wireless facilities as supplied (October 2019) by the wireless carrier companies (Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Clearwire, etc.). Mapped version available here: https://sfplanninggis.org/wireless/
NYS School Tax Relief (STAR) Reimbursement by School District: Beginning Levy Year 1998
The Department of Taxation and Finance’s Office of Real Property Tax Services maintains data on the New York State STAR program.  This dataset is a compilation of annual data for each school year.  Data are shown for the number and amount of basic and enhanced STAR exemptions and reimbursements by school district for each levy year.
VARIACIONES CONTABLES, TRIMESTRALES Y SIGNIFICATIVAS A 2017  DE LA ALCALDÍA DE SINCELEJO .
Información contable de variaciones trimestrales significativas a diciembre de 2017  de la Alcaldía de Sincelejo.
Potential Road Diets as of 9.10.15
This is a list of streets that were examined for road diet feasibility by the Public Works Department. Not all streets on the list were found to be feasible.
Percent of children aged 19 to 35 months who receive at least 4 doses of pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV), New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2011
Ratio: Percent of children receiving four (4) or more doses of pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) by 19-35 months of age.      Definition: Percentage of young children who received effective vaccination coverage levels for universally recommended vaccines by a given age; of pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) by 19-35 months of age.      Data Source: National Immunization Survey, National Center for Health Statistics, U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention    HISTORY  May 2015:  (1)  The 2011 rate was changed from 84.0% to 83.9%
Entry Point LCR Monitoring Results
Daily results from the entry points for orthophosphate, pH, temperature, conductivity and monthly alkalinity, calcium, lead and copper - Bi annually updated
DOF: Summary of Neighborhood Sales in Queens for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes - 2008
The Department of Finance (DOF) maintains records for all property sales in New York City, including sales of family homes in each borough. This list is a summary of neighborhood sales for Class 1-, 2- and 3-Family homes in Queens in 2008.    This list includes all sales of 1-, 2-, and 3-Family Homes' from January 1st, 2008 to December 31, 2008, whose sale price is equal to or more than $150,000.  The Building Class Category for Sales is based on the Building Class at the time of the sale.    Update Schedule: Annually
Tow Log
All vehicles towed within the City of Cambridge reported to the Cambridge Emergency Communications Department. Includes both vehicles towed by the city (for snow emergencies, street cleaning, parking violations, etc.) and private tows (from business parking lots, etc.)
2014 Census - Population By Employment Status (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
NYC City Council Committee Membership
The Council has numerous standing committees that practice oversight of New York City functions, including human services, infrastructure, and government affairs. Each committee is headed by a Council Member (the Chair), includes at least five members, and meets at least once a month. In addition, the Council has several subcommittees, which are convened to review and make recommendations regarding topics of particular interest.    After proposed legislation is heard by its appropriate Committee, it may be voted on and approved at that Committee. If the legislation is passed by Committee, is then sent to be considered by the whole Council. Council Members are assigned to committees through a process that the entire Council votes on.    The NYC City Council Committee Membership dataset is drawn from the City Council's legislative API and updated weekly. Committee membership by City Council Members changes infrequently. This dataset includes committee membership starting Jan 1, 2018.     Committee Descriptions: https://council.nyc.gov/committees/     Github: https://github.com/NewYorkCityCouncil/districts/tree/master/district_data/committees     More info and API Key for Legislative API: https://council.nyc.gov/legislation/api/     Legislative API endpoints utilized for Committee Membership:     1)http://webapi.legistar.com/Help/Api/GET-v1-Client-Bodies   https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/nyc/bodies/?token={}&$filter=(BodyTypeName+eq+'Committee'+or+BodyTypeName+eq+'Subcommittee'+or+BodyTypeName+eq+'Land Use')+and+BodyActiveFlag+eq+1     2)http://webapi.legistar.com/Help/Api/GET-v1-Client-Bodies-BodyId-OfficeRecords   https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/nyc/bodies/{}/officerecords/?token={}&$filter=OfficeRecordStartDate+ge+datetime'{}'+and+OfficeRecordEndDate+eq+datetime'{}
Measuring Impact of Stabilization Initiatives Survey Data (MISTI), Village data: Section 1
TThe MISTI village-level dataset (MISTI_Village_Data) is a supplement to the response-level dataset. Each row of this dataset contains data from one unique village surveyed by MISTI in Waves 1-5. The dataset is in wide format. Each variable is identified by a wave number and a proximity to the village. Data include village demographic characteristics, violent incident counts, stabilization and NSP project activities, and perception indicators from individual survey interviews aggregated to the village mean. These data were analyzed for the MISTI impact evaluation of USAID stabilization programming in Afghanistan, 2012-2014. USAID/Afghanistan's MISTI ranks as the largest and most comprehensive trends analysis and impact evaluation of stabilization interventions that the U.S. Government has ever undertaken. In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully.
2014 Census - Population By Length Of Residence (Citywide)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2014. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
Land And Water Conservation Fund Grant Funding To Counties In Utah 1966-2015
This data set contains Land and Water conservation Fund Grant funding to counties in Utah from 1966-2015.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of August 2018.</p>
AFSC/RACE/SAP/Swiney: Effects of ocean acidification and increased temperatures on juvenile red king crab
Multiple stressor studies are needed to better understand the effects of oceanic changes on marine organisms. To determine the effects of near-future ocean acidification and warming temperature on juvenile red king crab (Paralithodes camtschaticus) survival, growth, and morphology, we conducted a long-term (184 d) fully crossed experiment with two pHs and three temperatures: ambient pH (~7.99), pH 7.8, ambient temperature, ambient +2 degree C, and ambient +4 degree C, for a total of 6 treatments.
Activos de información
Activos de información del Instituto para la investigación y la preservación del patrimonio natural y cultural del Valle del Cauca, INCIVA.
NNDSS - TABLE 1X. Meningococcal disease,  Other serogroups to Meningococcal disease, Unknown serogroup
NNDSS - TABLE 1X. Meningococcal disease,  Other serogroups to Meningococcal disease, Unknown serogroup - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
FY2017 PMMR Agency Resources
NYC agency resources from the FY17 Preliminary Mayor's Management Report (PMMR), including expenditures (includes all funds), personnel, revenue and paid overtime  <i>Use ‘CSV for Excel’ when downloading this dataset and then sort in alphabetical order by Agency.<i>
Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos Municipio del L-2
Base de datos Información de la Ejecución Presupuestal de Ingresos a Diciembre 31 de 2014
Lobbyist - Reports
This dataset lists each report submitted by a lobbyist. You can recreate the City Clerk's lobbyist database by downloading all lobbyist datasets on the data portal and view the complete data model of the lobbyist database here: https://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=293053
BB FY15 APPR Head Line Multi Prog List
BB FY15 Approved Head Line Measures and Multi Program List
Contratación Mes de Diciembre de 2018 - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Contratación suscrita en el mes de diciembre de 2018, reportada por los sujetos de control de la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí de conformidad con la Resolución de Rendición de Cuentas.
2019 Farm Tour
List of Farm Tour participants for the 2019 season. Updated annually.
2016 Census - Dwelling Unit by Structure Type and Ownership (Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2016. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.
Estados Financieros A Diciembre De 2017
Contiene los estados financieros a diciembre de 2017
ACT Deaths data
The data contained in this dataset is based on the Cause Of Death Unit Record File (CODURF) provided by the Australian Coordinating Registry (ACR), the data has been aggregated based on either a single or grouped ICD-10* classification. The ACT deaths data is collected and maintained by the ACT registrar of Births, Deaths and Marriages (ACT RBDM), which records all medical conditions that directly caused or contributed to the death and were applicable, ie the circumstances surrounding a death (eg. motor vehicle accident). The National Coronial Information System (NCIS) records and stores information relating to coroner certified deaths for the purposes of retrieval, analysis, interpretation and dissemination to allow for informed death and injury prevention activities. The Australian Coordinating Registry (ACR) is an agency appointed by state and territory RBDMs and coroners to coordinate and manage approval of coded deaths data. *The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems Tenth Revision The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information
HSA7H - HOME RRHHL At-risk Housing Retention and Employment
HOME RRHHL At-risk Housing Retention and Employment. HSA7H Measure K.
Medicaid Inpatient Prevention Quality Indicator (PQI) Newborn Low Birth Weight Rates by County: Beginning 2012
The dataset contains the number of Medicaid Low Birth Weight newborns (numerator), the number of county Medicaid newborns (denominator), and observed rate for Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Prevention Quality Indicator 9 (PQI 9) – Newborn Low Birth Weight Rate for Medicaid enrollees beginning in 2012.   The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) Prevention Quality Indicators (PQIs) are a set of population based measures that can be used with hospital inpatient discharge data to identify ambulatory care sensitive conditions. These are conditions where 1) the need for hospitalization is potentially preventable with appropriate outpatient care, or 2) conditions that could be less severe if treated early and appropriately.   The observed rate for Low Birth Weight is presented by resident county (including a statewide total). The observed rate for low birth weight by resident zip code (including a statewide total) can be found here: https://health.data.ny.gov/Health/Medicaid-Inpatient-Prevention-Quality-Indicators-P/vk5f-rgqm/. For more information, check out: http://www.health.ny.gov/health_care/medicaid/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
Vital Signs: Economic Output Per Capita – By Metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Economic Output (EC14)  FULL MEASURE NAME Per-capita gross regional product  LAST UPDATED July 2019  DESCRIPTION Economic output is measured by the total and per-capita gross regional product and refers to the value of goods and services generated by workers and companies in a region.  DATA SOURCE Bureau of Economic Analysis: Regional Economic Accounts 2001-2017 http://www.bea.gov/regional/  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates 2001-2009 http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/ Note: Table E-8  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates 2010-2017 http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/ Note: Table E-5  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) As gross regional product data is only available on the MSA level, Bay Area data includes 10 counties (the nine core counties + San Benito County); this results in a slightly higher regional GRP as a result of additional population and business activity. Per-capita data reflects the additional population included as a result of San Benito County’s participation in the San Jose MSA. Data is inflation-adjusted by using both nominal and real data developed by BEA and appropriately escalating real GRP data in 2009 dollars to today’s dollars (2017). This inflation adjustment approach is specific to each MSA and is different from the CPI inflation approach used for other datasets on the Vital Signs website.
Howard County Police Department  Use Of Force Statistics: 2008 - 2019
The use of force occurrences by type and year
Nova Scotia Communities Engaged in Age-Friendly Community Planning
List of communities across Nova Scotia that are engaged in Age-Friendly Community planning.
Registro activos de información actualizados
Activos de información Alcaldía e La Estrella
Freshwater Pond Fish Community Surveys
Results of annual fish population surveys on Delaware's publicly-accessible freshwater ponds and lakes. Surveys can be affected by weather, access, and other factors and may not directly reflect fish populations. For interpretation and further research, please see reports from the Division of Fish and Wildlife.
Plan Operativo Anual de Inversiones Alcaldia de Tibú
Plan Operativo Anual de Inversiones Alcaldia de Tibú
Affordable Housing Pipeline
Snapshot of the Mayor’s Office of Housing and Community Development (MOHCD) and the Office of Community Investment and Infrastructure (OCII) affordable housing pipeline projects. The projects listed are in the process of development--or are anticipated to be developed--in partnership with non-profit or for-profit developers and financed through city funding agreements, ground leases, disposition and participation agreements and conduit bond financing. The Affordable Housing Pipeline also includes housing units produced by private developers through the Inclusionary Affordable Housing Program. Data reflects all projects as of June 30, 2020.
Food Service Establishment Inspections: Beginning 2005 (INACTIVE)
This data includes the name and location of inactive food service establishments and the violations that were found at the time of the inspection.  Inactive food service establishments include only establishments that are no longer in business or have not operated for an extended period of time. Inspections are a “snapshot” in time and are not always reflective of the day-to-day operations and overall condition of an establishment.  This dataset is refreshed on a monthly basis.
Large Scale Energy Generation by Source (MW) by City (2017)
Data includes amount of energy generated at the City level. Sourced from 2017 CEC Annual Generation data and QFER Reporting data.
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Motivation for Decision-Making
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
Provider of Services - OTHER - June 2017
The POS file contains data on characteristics of hospitals and other types of healthcare facilities, including the name and address of the facility and the type of Medicare services the facility provides, among other information.  The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. The data is an invaluable resource to a variety of stakeholders, including researchers and application developers.
Northeast-Small-Business-Data
Data provided by the Community & Small Business Development Division of Development Services.  Updated Annually.
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2009
Stripper Oil Well Production By State T3.11 2009
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2011 Q4
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2011 Q4
CalFresh data by Census Tract
Cal Fresh data by Census Tract, Uploaded on 2/22/2016.
SFMTA - Parking Citations
Parking citations issued by the SFMTA. Citation information includes citation, violation and location details which indicate the location and amount of parking citations throughout the city. Citation data is provided by the SFMTA as an export of the citation management system. Citation data is provided daily and the DataSF datasource is updated daily with a 24 hour lag. The geolocation is based on a geocoding process upon load and may not be accurate based on incomplete address data.  For more information on violation codes and descriptions, go <a href="https://www.sfmta.com/sites/default/files/reports-and-documents/2020/10/fy_2021_fees_and_fines_effective_1.1.21.pdf">here</a>.
Indicadores de laboratorio por la E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque del Tercer trimestres del 2019
Indicadores de laboratorio por la E.S.E Hospital San Vicente De Paul Fómeque del Tercer trimestres del 2019
Race Forecasts in Colorado
Population forecasts by race and age in counties in Colorado from 2010 to 2050 from the Demography Department of the Colorado Department of Local Affairs (DOLA).
BayStat Solutions Reporting - Maryland Dept. of the Environment 2003 - 2014
Chesapeake Bay restoration solutions, Best Management Practices (BMPs), progress reporting by tributary basin.
Bike Rack Locations By Area
Bike Rack Data
Inscritos Por Centro Tutorial 2016 -2017
ESTUDIANTES INSCRITOS POR MODALIDAD, CENTROS TUTORIALES Y PROGRAMA
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS068
Driver Feedback Sign DFS068  Latitude: 53.59497 Longitude: -113.54106  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
COVID-19-Associated Deaths by Date of Death
Count of COVID-19-associated deaths by date of death. Deaths reported to either the OCME or DPH are included in the COVID-19 data. COVID-19-associated deaths include persons who tested positive for COVID-19 around the time of death and persons who were not tested for COVID-19 whose death certificate lists COVID-19 disease as a cause of death or a significant condition contributing to death.  Note the counts in this dataset may vary from the death counts in the other COVID-19-related datasets published on data.ct.gov, where deaths are counted on the date reported rather than the date of death.  Starting in July 2020, this dataset will be updated every weekday. Data are subject to future revision as reporting changes.
Indicadores de Calidad Vigencia 2017
Indicadores reportados al Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social del decreto 2193 de 2004  correspondiente a la vigencia 2017.
Utah Projected Average Wage Demand by Bureau of Labor Statistics 2019
This data set contains projected average annual wage by occupation as reported by the US Bureau of Labor Statistics for Utah for 2018.
Providers of Service - CLIA - December 2017
The POS file contains data on characteristics of hospitals and other types of healthcare facilities, including the name and address of the facility and the type of Medicare services the facility provides, among other information. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. The data is an invaluable resource to a variety of stakeholders, including researchers and application developers.
PRESIDENTES JUNTAS DE ACCION COMUNAL DE SAN MIGUEL PUTUMAYO 2016
Informacion sobre presidentes de Juntas de Accion Comunal del Municipio de San Miguel Putumayo
pln_otc_step_therapy [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_otc_step_therapy [prod], released on 2020-10-23.
PBJ Daily Non-Nurse Staffing CY 2017Q1
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility.
Motor Vehicle Crashes - Violation Information: Three Year Window
Attributes about each violation citation issued at the scene of the motor vehicle crash reported to NYS DMV
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of May 2019.</p>
2010-2011 Class Size - Citywide Summary
This file shows citywide average class sizes, aggregated by grade and program type. For grades 5-9 (where available) and 9-12, the data are shown by program type and core course.  Based on January 28, 2011 data.  * Grade 9 Official Class data is included for 0K-09 schools. Core Course information for these sections is not reported.
USA SPENDING C&P BURIAL B101 VETERANS CEMETARY GRANTS PROGRAM MAY2019
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to assist States and federally recognized tribal governments in the establishment, expansion, and improvement of veterans' cemeteries. Monetary assistance is provided under this program to establish, expand, and improve State or Tribal government veterans’ cemeteries. Cemeteries must be State or Tribal Government owned and operated solely for the interment of eligible veterans and their dependents and/or spouses. Construction cost means the amount found necessary to convert a tract of land to an operational cemetery. The cemetery must be used solely for the interment of veterans, their wives, husbands, surviving spouses, minor children, and unmarried adult children who were physically or mentally disabled and incapable of self-support: section 38 CFR Part 38.620.</p>
Total Trash And Recycling Collected
duplication of Open Data dataset
MLR RY2017 Socrata Dataset 20181031
This file contains Medical Loss Ratio data for the 2017 Reporting Year, including the issuer’s MLR, the MLR standard, and the average rebate per person by state and market.
Deserción estudiantil promedio anual
Conjunto de datos contiene las tasas promedio de deserción anual del total de estudiantes del Instituto Departamental de Bellas Artes. Es un dato procesado a partir de la estadística arrojada por el sistema SPADIES 3, del Ministerio de Educación Nacional.
EXPANSION DE LUMINARIAS ALUMBRADO PUBLICO TULUA
Expansión de luminarias alumbrado público en el Municipio de Tuluá
CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR HOSPITALIZACIÓN - OCTUBRE 2019
Causas de morbilidad por hospitalizacion para el mes de Octubre de 2019.
Chicago Public Schools - Elementary School Attendance Boundaries SY1920
Attendance boundaries for elementary schools in the Chicago Public Schools district for school year 2019-2020. Generally, all students in the applicable elementary school grades who live within one of these boundaries may attend the school.  This dataset is in a forma​​t for spatial datasets that is inherently tabular but allows for a map as a derived view. Please click the indicated link below for such a map.  To export the data in either tabular or geographic format, please use the Export button on this dataset.
Childcare Inspections
Inspection reports from currently licensed childcare facilities within the Municipality of Anchorage.    Reports are discussed with the administrator or another person in charge while the Licensing Specialist is at the child care facility.  During an inspection, any of the following may be reviewed: General Sanitation, Program, Hazards, Infant & Toddler Care, Handwashing, Equipment & Supplies, Toileting Facilities, Playground & Climbing Equipment, Supervision, Medication & Topical Products, Behavioral Guidance, Food Safety & Nutrition, Caregiver Attributes, Facility Records.
Variation of Temperature in Incubation System Following Chiller Failure Trough 1 Incubators 1 and 17
InPort Dataset ID: 30878 InPort Entity ID: 35532 Trough 1, Incubators 1 and 17.
Flint Bottled Water Locations
Pick up points for bottled water.
Local Law 44 - Developer Selection
The Developer Selection data table Includes information on developer selection methods for each Local Law 44 Housing Development Project. This information is reported pursuant to Local Law 44 of 2012, and is part of the <a <a href='https://data.cityofnewyork.us/browse?Data-Collection_Data-Collection=HPD+Local+Law+44'>Housing Projects Receiving City Financial Assistance (Local Law 44) collection of data tables</a>.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of November 2018.</p>
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of January 2018</p>
State of Maryland Grant and Loan Data: FY2009 to FY2018
Grant and Loan information on State Aid payments of $50,000 or more in a fiscal year. Grants data is available beginning Fiscal Year 2009. Loans data is available beginning Fiscal Year 2010.
Aquatic Biological Monitoring Sampling Locations: Beginning 1980
The Division of Water Stream Biomonitoring Unit (SBU) dataset contains the point sampling locations at which benthic macroinvertebrates, field chemistry, and at some locations, sediment, fish or diatoms have been collected as part of the Rotating Integrated Basin Studies (RIBS) program, Rapid Biological Assessments (RAS), or special studies. The data collected are used for water quality assessment (input to the Waterbody Inventory, completion of the 305(b) report and 303(d) list of impaired Waters) and for track-down of water quality problems. The data set is maintained by the Division of Water, Bureau of Water Assessment and Management, Stream Biomonitoring Unit.
Medicare Hospital Cost Report PUF 2015
The Hospital Cost Report Public Use File (Hospital Cost Report PUF) presents select measures provided by hospitals through their annual cost report, and is organized at the hospital level. The Hospital Cost Report PUF is available in a downloadable, user-friendly Excel format. The PUF does not contain all measures reported in the cost reports, but rather includes a subset of commonly used measures. Any hospital that submitted a cost report in a given year will be included in the PUF. For a full list of variables included in this PUF and their descriptions, please see the attachments.   The variables in the Hospital Cost Report PUF have not been edited or changed and will be identical to what is available in the online HCRIS system in the 2015 SAS dataset as of December 2nd, 2019. Please note however that the HCRIS datasets are updated quarterly, while the PUF is created annually, and therefore the data may not match if compared to later versions of the HCRIS files.
ESTADO PQR JUNIO 2019
ESTADO PQR JUNIO 2019
Count of inmates in Orleans Parish Prison
Count of inmates (Federal/State and Local) in Orleans Parish Prison (Orleans Justice Center) in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017
Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in Karamoja, Uganda--Agriculture Practices: Section 2
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the second spreadsheet of twoin the Baseline Study of Food for Peace Title II Development Food Assistance Program in Karamoja, Uganda--Agriculture Practices.
Employers in Compliance with Employment Standards
Employers are required to comply with Employment Standards in Tacoma and certify annually on their business license renewal.
Planta de Personal Policía Nacional
La Dirección de Talento Humano publica la Planta de personal Policía Nacional.
2012 Census - Population By Ownership And Length Of Residence (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012.  Ages of residents are effective April 1, 2012.  No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  Bulk-count data from multiple-resident facilities (such as group homes, transient drop-in centres, residential hotels or criminal detention centres) may be limited when personal information cannot be obtained (i.e. information is not available or cannot be released by the facility administration).
Street Acceptance Data
List of streets by block (street segment) accepted for maintenance.   Please Note:  a few block may appear in this list more than once due to multiple Caltrans maintenance agreement links per block.
Puerto Rico Revealed Preference I8 Data 2004
Revealed preference models provide insights into recreational angler behavior and the economic value of recreational fishing trips. Revealed preference data is typically collected by intercept and/or phone follow up calls. Typical variables include length of the trip (day or overnight), household income, whether or not angler took time off of work, and primary purpose of overall trip. Sometimes trip expenditures are included as well.  Data collected by phone as a followup with anglers who were intercepted in the field.
Certified Annual Financial Reports (CAFR) 2020
The compiled CAFR data for fiscal year 2019. Please note that due to differences in audit report styles and definitions, comparison between numbers should be done carefully. For example, public safety in one city may include fire, ambulance and police; where public safety in another city may only include police.
FIN Open Pierce County Analytics
Analytic data from Socrata system
AFSC/ABL: Southeast Alaska Estuaries Data: Trawl Chem Data
The dataset contains trawl and seine catches from Southeast Alaskan estuaries sampled from 1995 to 2008. The data also include physical variables (temp, salinity, turbidity), and shorezone shoreline classifications.
Government Operations GHG Inventory Data
This data set contains greenhouse gas emissions from government operations in Kansas City, Missouri. This data was used to create the 2013 GHG emissions inventory for government operations.
Issued Tree Permits
This dataset was created by the City of Austin to compile information regarding all issued Tree Permit folders in AMANDA. The dataset contains information regarding the species, condition, and trunk diameter of the tree. It also includes geographic information like Council District and Jurisdiction Type. These permits are created throughout various review process at the City of Austin.    The point dataset contains information regarding active tree permits that were created throughout the City of Austin's review process. Information in this dataset has been retrieved from the City's Application MANagement and Data Automation (AMANDA) database. The dataset contains information on location, permit type, date of issue/expiration, heritage status, species, trunk diameter, condition, reason for request, council district, jurisdiction, associated fee, link to permit, and more.
2013 - 2014 School Locations
School Location Information
Estados financieros Marzo 2020
Estados financieros Marzo 2020
B-9.2, High Income Returns By Income Level Type and Average Tax Liability
The dataset contains statistics for high income resident tax returns by income level type and average tax liability.
Contratación celebrada por el Municipio de Guadalajara de Buga y publicado en el SECOP año 2015 / Contracting held by the Municipality of Guadalajara de Buga and published in the SECOP 2015
Dando cumplimiento a la ley 712 de 2014 - Transparencia y acceso a la información pública, la alcaldía municipal de Guadalajara de Buga publica la contratación celebrada y publicada en el portal único de contratación SECOP correspondiente a la vigencia 2015 / Complying with the law 712 of 2014 - Transparency and access to public information, the municipal mayor of Guadalajara de Buga publishes the contract held and published in the SECOP sole recruitment portal corresponding to the 2015 period
MD COVID-19 - Number of Persons Tested Negative
<b>Summary</b> The cumulative number of Maryland residents who tested negative for COVID-19.  <b>Description</b> The MD COVID-19 - Number of Persons Tested Negative data layer is a collection of the number of people statewide who have tested negative for COVID-19 reported each day by each local health department via the NEDSS system.  <b>Terms of Use</b> The Spatial Data, and the information therein, (collectively the "Data") is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory. The user assumes the entire risk as to quality and performance of the Data. No guarantee of accuracy is granted, nor is any responsibility for reliance thereon assumed. In no event shall the State of Maryland be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages of any kind. The State of Maryland does not accept liability for any damages or misrepresentation caused by inaccuracies in the Data or as a result to changes to the Data, nor is there responsibility assumed to maintain the Data in any manner or form. The Data can be freely distributed as long as the metadata entry is not modified or deleted. Any data derived from the Data must acknowledge the State of Maryland in the metadata.
Austin Resource Recovery Telework Pilot
During the City's Employee Commute Reduction Program, Austin Resource Recovery partnered with the non-profit Movability Austin to create a Mobility Plan for the department in order to further reduce on peak commutes and emissions caused by single occupancy vehicles.  One major strategy to achieve this goal was to implement a telework pilot.  ARR developed a telework policy and provided training to all participating employees and their managers.  The telework pilot ran from February 8, 2016, to May 6, 2016.  During this time, measures were taken regarding employees' schedules and commute habits as well as miles driven and estimated MPG of their cars in order to calculate emissions.  Surveys were also taken to gauge employee satisfaction and productivity associated with teleworking.  After reviewing the data and results from the pilot, ARR Director Bob Gedert approved the telework pilot to make it an official departmental program in July, 2016.
CorStat - CAP Tracking by Permit/Project
Data is extracted from TRAKiT, a web-based system that tracks building permits and projects initialized within the City of Corona. Total greenhouse gas reductions measured in CO2e measured by specific permit/project. Permits and projects are measured by the date they were applied for. Data is extracted from the City's permitting software, TRAKiT and is automatically updated and imported into CorStat on a nightly basis.
Electric Customer Count by Class Type
Naperville's Electric Customer Classification.
Family Health Home Visit Expansion
FHHVE Measure K Performance
Bronx American Community Survey 2006-2010 Income & Benefits
American Community 5-year Survey statistics on income and poverty. There are about 200 fields so please refer to the attached ACS_Field_Description_Dictionary.xlsx for field definitions.
Utah College Education Fields Collegescorecard 2015 Test-2
Uupload test
Performance Measures
Performance Measures from the Building Inspections Department.
CBRM Yearly Operating Budget
The CBRM Yearly Operating Budget contains the budgeted operating expenditures by department and the budgeted operating revenue by administrative area for all years starting in the 2011-12 budgetary year.
Edmonton Public School Board : School Building Footprints
School Building Footprints
Asociaciones Del Municipio De Roncesvalles Tolima
El presente data set corresponde a las asociaciones de agrícolas del municipio de Roncesvalles Tolima, quienes trabajan por el Desarrollo rural e industrial
Refrigerated Truck Rates and Availability
Data from AMS Market News Specialty Crops Program, including weekly refrigerated truck rates and availability by origin, destination, and commodity. The Transportation Services Division assigns a broader region to the origins in order to join to refrigerated truck rate and availability data.
ADMITIDOS POR DEPTO. DE RESIDENCIA 2018-2
Departamento de residencia de los estudiantes admitidos en la Universidad del quindio periodo 2018-2
Protected FSS Earth Station Registration (Complete Dataset)
Daily transfer of FSS earth station antenna sites registered in the Fixed-Satellite Service Antenna Registration System (FSS ARS).
Parcels – Active and Retired
Recorded parcel geography, both active and retired, with date recorded parcel was added, date recorded parcel was dropped/retired, date was added, dropped or altered re map layer. Contains geography created since the inception of the basemap in 1995, with some exceptions. Zoning District columns reflect current zoning, which can be found here: https://data.sfgov.org/d/xvjh-uu28
NNDSS - Table II. Legionellosis to Malaria
NNDSS - Table II. Legionellosis to Malaria - 2018. In this Table, provisional cases of selected notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states or territory.    Note:    This table contains provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up.  Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:    C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable. —: No reported cases. N: Not reportable. NA:  Not Available.  NN: Not Nationally Notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Med: Median. Max: Maximum.     * Case counts for reporting years 2017 and 2018 are provisional and subject to change. Data for years 2013 through 2016 are finalized. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf.
Summer Youth Employment Program (SYEP) for NYCHA Residents by NYCHA development- Local Law 163
This datasets contains information about <a href="https://www1.nyc.gov/site/dycd/services/jobs-internships/summer-youth-employment-program-syep.page">Summer Youth Employment Program (SYEP)</a>, a service offered by the Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD) aimed at getting young New Yorkers paid work experience and career exploration opportunities. Each row in the dataset represents the number of public housing residents on a NYCHA Development-level who receive or utilize this service.    The datasets in this report can be searched by using the keyword “Services available to NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163 (2016)” on the Open Data Portal.
Total City Population by Year
This dataset contains city population in Iowa from 1990 to the most current year available. Data from 1990, 2000, and 2010 comes from the decennial censuses while the years in between are produced annually.
Libraries -  2016 Circulation by Location
Circulation figures include new checkouts as well as renewals. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence Branch closed due to a fire on 10/30/15.
Instituciones Educativas Municipio de Bugalagrande
Listado de instituciones educativas oficiales y privadas aprobadas por la Secretaría de Educación Municipal en el 2018 con sus respectivas sedes y ubicación.
Regional Transportation Agency Complaints by Month, Service and Type
This dataset shows the number of complaints by month, service and type for the regional transportation agency. The data shows complaints for Howard County.
IT Contracts Report 2019
The IT Contracts Report is an annual report required by a proviso in section 150(10)(a) of the 2019-2021 operating budget. The report provides a snap shot of all state agency and higher education active IT contracts as of June 30 of each year.
2016 Foreclosure Avoidance Mediation Beneficiary Exemption Affidavits Pursuant To SB 558
Financial institutions that have filed an exemption for participation in foreclosure mediation in 2016, pursuant to SB 558.
2012 Census - Dwelling Unit By Structure Type (Neighbourhood)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2012. No data on any individual residence will be released.  To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only.  Neighbourhood results with a population under 49 are not posted to protect the information collected.  The designation of “No Response” includes households from which no census data could be collected or only partial data was available.  “Other Residential” includes dwelling units not covered by the other categories, such as a unit attached to a non-residential structure (e.g. an apartment in a store or church) or a movable structure (e.g. recreational vehicle, tent, etc.).
REGISTRO DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN
Contiene el instrumento de información denominado registro de activos de información.
Percent of employees meeting the 20 hour annual training requirement
Percent of active employees having 20 or more hours in annual training.  Human Services Agency performance measure 7010P ID 300
DED - Indicators - Employment
Employment data from BLS for Q3-2014
Discapacitados por veredas y barrios en el  Municipio de Morales Cauca
Numero de personas por veredas y barrios del municipio de Morales Cauca que presentan alguna situación de discapacidad
Proyectos de fortalecimiento – resumen de inversión general 2015-2019
En atención a la ejecución e implementación de la política pública de víctimas se plantea la necesidad de generar un proceso de articulación de los planes de acción relacionados con la construcción de Paz en una Hoja de Ruta que permita fortalecer el accionar del Estado en 16 subregiones y 170 municipios priorizados.
Behavioral Risk Factors: Selected Metropolitan Area Risk Trends (SMART) County Prevalence Data (2010 and prior)
2002-2010. BRFSS SMART County Prevalence land line only data. The Selected Metropolitan Area Risk Trends (SMART) project uses the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) to analyze the data of selected counties with 500 or more respondents. BRFSS data can be used to identify emerging health problems, establish and track health objectives, and develop and evaluate public health policies and programs. BRFSS is a continuous, state-based surveillance system that collects information about modifiable risk factors for chronic diseases and other leading causes of death. Data will be updated annually as it becomes available. Detailed information on sampling methodology and quality assurance can be found on the BRFSS website (http://www.cdc.gov/brfss). Methodology: http://www.cdc.gov/brfss/factsheets/pdf/DBS_BRFSS_survey.pdf Glossary: https://chronicdata.cdc.gov/Behavioral-Risk-Factors/Behavioral-Risk-Factor-Surveillance-System-BRFSS-H/iuq5-y9ct/data
Education Service District: Revenue by Fund & Source--by ESD (FY 2019 -15)
Education Service Districts (ESDs) revenue by fund and source for FY 2019 - 2015. For more information visit: https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx
Malawi Baseline Impact Evaluation: Non-Food Consumption Data
Feed the Future initiative in Malawi is committed to improving food security and nutrition in farming households while reducing rural poverty through an agriculture-­led, integrated economic growth, nutrition, and natural resource management strategy. The goal of the impact evaluation is to determine whether integrating nutrition interventions  alongside agricultural value chain interventions will contribute to a greater reduction in malnutrition among children under 3 years of age, compared to nutrition improvements anticipated from stand-­alone value chain activities.    The main objectives are to enable USAID missions to meet the performance monitoring requirements of Feed the Future and maximize the use and benefits of data collected; provide high-­quality empirical evidence to inform program design and investment decisions that will promote sustainable food security; ensure timely availability of high­quality data for use in monitoring performance and evaluating impacts of the Feed the Future initiative; and facilitate accountability and learning about which Feed the Future interventions work best, under what conditions, and at what cost.
Consultas Previas Reuniones
Con esta información se pueden obtener datos estadísticos correspondientes a las solicitudes consultas para los diferentes proyectos POAS en los diferentes sectores económicos, para proyectos de interés nacional estratégico (pines), por departamento y región geográfica y por empresas o entidades ejecutoras y por el estado en que se encuentra la consulta.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2020 - Street
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020.
Indice de Información Clasificada y Reservada
Contiene el Índice de información Clasificada y Reservada que es el inventario de la información pública generada, obtenida, adquirida o controlada por el sujeto obligado, en calidad de tal, que ha sido calificada como clasificada o reservada.
Detección de Cultivos de Coca (hectáreas)
Cuantificación de las hectáreas de los cultivos de coca existentes a 31 de diciembre de cada año en el territorio nacional. Información compilada para los años 2001 al 2019.  Ayúdanos a responder esta encuesta en el enlace de origen.
DWR Water Right - Net Amounts
A Water Right is a property right that is either conditional or absolute and conveys the right to use a particular amount of water, with a specified priority date as confirmed by the water court.  The Net Amounts List contains the current status of a water right based on all of  its court decreed actions.
Displacement and Gentrification Recommendation Inventory
This dataset contains more detailed information on the recommendations and resolutions identified by the Office of the City Auditor in their special request report on gentrification and displacement.   See report at:   To complete this special request project, we categorized recommendations and resolutions based on the following definitions:    Directly related to displacement or gentrification ("direct"):  Clearly and immediately impacts the population experiencing gentrification and displacement (e.g., creation of affordable housing units).     Indirectly related to displacement or gentrification ("indirectly"):  An initiative  designed to support direct efforts (such as monitoring or increasing funding for staffing). Alternatively, an indirect initiative may be one that is designed to affect the broad population (e.g., overall tax decrease), or the language is so vague or broad that the precise intention is unclear.     Actionable recommendations and resolutions ("actionable"):  Recommendations that are specific and implementable as written; recommendations that detail the specific site of an action.     Not actionable recommendations and resolutions ("not actionable"):  Things that do not appear to be legal; recommendations that are not implementable as worded or that would require significant additional clarification/research.
COMISARIAS DE FAMILIA
Comisarias de Familia del Municipio de Sogamoso,
Libraries Collection Statistics 2011
Statistics by type of media in Hawaii State Public Libraries for 2011
Bison Hunt Harvest Utah 2012
Utah hunting harvest data for Bison 2012.
Unclaimed Residents /Vendor /AP Checks
Notice of Names of Persons Appearing to be Owners of Checks Issued by the City of Framingham, Which Have Not Been Cashed and are Deemed Abandoned.  If your name appears on this list you can submit a claim by contacting the City of Framingham Treasurer/Collector’s office.
ENERGY STAR Certified Geothermal Heat Pumps
Certified models meet all ENERGY STAR requirements as listed in the Version 3.1 ENERGY STAR Program Requirements for Geothermal Heat Pumps that are effective as of January 1, 2012. A detailed listing of key efficiency criteria are available at https://www.energystar.gov/products/heating_cooling/heat_pumps_geothermal/key_product_criteria.
State's Attorney Felony Cases - Sentences Imposed on Defendants by the Courts
The sentencing data presented in this report reflects the judgement imposed by the court on people that have been found guilty. The data is recorded by count, meaning by each individual cause of action, and each count receives a sentence. Included in this data set are the defendant counts by sentence and year.
Experimental estimates for business openings and closures for New Brunswick / Estimations expérimentales des ouvertures et fermetures d'entreprises au Nouveau-Brunswick
Experimental estimates for business openings and closures for New Brunswick / Estimations expérimentales des ouvertures et fermetures d'entreprises au Nouveau-Brunswick
Total Capital Expenditures by Municipality 2015 Community and Economic Development
Municipal Total Capital Expenditures by Year.  A note of caution:   A municipality can update information at any time after submission of a form.  The Municipal Statistics site is built to reflect any data updates, the following day, in the Public Reports section of the Municipal Statistics site. http://munstats.pa.gov/public/
Events from LA Festival Guide 2014
The LA Festival Guide is a calendar of festival events published by City of Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs. This dataset is extracted from the Festival Guide Website [http://lafestivalguide.org/]
wallpaper_banner
Template Dataset: wallpaper_banner
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Services by Senior Center Contracted Providers
Listing of registered and contracted agencies providing Senior Center Services with Budgeted Units of Service.
DOF: Condominium Comparable Rental Income – Manhattan – FY 2009/2010
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
Plus 1 Fund
The City of Austin's Plus 1 Fund provides emergency utility bill financial assistance to customers experiencing extreme hardships such as medical illness or sudden job loss. In 2009 the City of Austin doubled to $300,000 the amount of funding made available annually for this program. Beginning in fiscal year 2009, City of Austin employees were given the option to donate to the Plus 1 Fund through the City's annual Combined Charities Campaign, which raises money for local and regional charitable groups. Additionally, utility customers have the option to donate to the Plus 1 Fund when they make their monthly utility bill payments. Plus 1 funding is distributed to customers by more than a dozen social service agencies including Travis County Family Services and Meals on Wheels.
Creative Space Survey 2017- Individual Artists
This dataset is comprised of Individual artists’ responses to the 2017 Creative Space Survey implemented by the City of Austin Economic Development Department. This survey, conducted annually, provides a platform for Austin creatives to keep the City up-to-date on current space needs and provides data to inform the Economic Development Department’s creative space development efforts and includes data on current costs, sizes, and ideal specifications for creative workspaces. The results captured here were collected from June 2017 – May 2018. The Creative Space Survey is comprised of two surveys- one for individual artists and one for arts organizations and businesses. For more information or to view the organizations and businesses survey results, visit www.austintexas.gov/creativespacesurvey.     This product has been produced by the Economic development Department of the City of Austin for the sole purpose of informational reference. No warranty is made by the City of Austin regarding specific accuracy or completeness.
Feed the Future Mozambique Baseline Population Survey, Use of Mobile Phones and Mobile Money
The Mozambique Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in two provinces, Zambizia and Nampula. These areas were selected based on national estimates that indicate that the incidence of poverty, malnutrition, and stunting among children less than five years of age is disproportionately high. These provinces are adjacent to three of the country's main trade corridors: Nacala (linking Mozambique to Malawi and Zambia), Beira (linking Mozambique to Zimbabwe), and the N1 (key North-South road connecting Nacala and Beira corridors).  This spreadsheet describes the use of mobile phones and mobile banking.
Commercial Parcel Data FY2016
Commercial parcel data for fiscal year 2016, including sales, land and building data
Strategic Measure_Number and percentage of City-owned battery-electric vehicles (BEV)
The City of Austin is focused on becoming a greener city and the Fleet Mobility Services Department developed the Carbon Neutral Plan, which includes acquiring 330 battery-electric vehicles. The goal is to be early adopters of the overall regional mobility strategy setting the example for the general public and other governmental entities.  The data is maintained in Fleet's asset management system. Row level data displays the number of City-owned battery-electric vehicles. View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/tf85-sfat
Tarifas Acueducto Empresa de Servicios Públicos de Fusagasugá 2018
Tarifas Acueducto Empresa de Servicios Públicos de Fusagasugá 2018
Medicare Referring Provider DMEPOS NPI Aggregate table, CY2017
The “Medicare Referring Provider DMEPOS NPI Aggregate table” contains information on utilization, payment, and submitted charges organized by Referring Provider NPI. Separate sub totals for durable medical equipment services, prosthetic and orthotic services and drug and nutritional services are included in addition to overall utilization, payment and charges.  In addition, beneficiary demographic and health characteristics are provided which include age, sex, race, Medicare and Medicaid entitlement, chronic conditions and risk scores.
Councillors' Common Travel and Training Expenses
January 1, 2014 - June 30, 2020.  For information on other expense categories, refer to the other Councillors' Expenses datasets.
HIPEOPLE-2
Pensions,Love
Neighborhood Metrics
This dataset presented is compiled by the Buffalo Urban Renewal Agency (BURA) from the 2017 American Community Survey (ACS). The ACS is an ongoing survey that provides vital information on a yearly basis about our nation and its people. For more information on the survey methodology, procedure, compatibility, history, and more, check out the United States Census Bureau website.
Citywide Response Metrics
Archived citywide response time metrics. Filtered views for each of the years is also available.    PDF Files are attached to the dataset.
Speculation Watch List
List of sales of select rent-regulated multiple dwellings where there may be potential for speculation. This list is promulgated pursuant to Local Law 7 of 2018 and 28 RCNY Chapter 52. This list is a subset of data provided in the LL7-2018 Qualified Transactions file.   Please note that borough, block, and lot is the best geographic identifier for this data set, and Building Identification Number (BIN) is provided for convenience only. BIN as provided in this dataset may be inaccurate, as more than one BIN may be associated with borough, block, and lot.  This list is a subset of data provided in the<a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Housing-Development/Local-Law-7-2018-Qualified-Transactions/8wi4-bsy4">LL7-2018 Qualified Transactions file</a>.
Full WPDx dataset 20151016
Full data set import for creating test visualizations and trying out the import functionalities
Homeownership Data
Dataset showing number and percent of owner-occupied and renter-occupied housing units.
Poblacion Por Rango Edades 2016
Población en el Municipio de Alpujarra por rango de edades en el año 2016, datos suministrados por  “Departamento Nacional de Planeación”.
New York State Parks Concession Contracts
he New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP) oversees more than 250 state parks, historic sites, recreational trails, golf courses, boat launches and more,  encompassing nearly 350,000 acres, that are visited by 74 million people annually.  These facilities contribute to the economic vitality and quality of life of local communities and directly support New York’s tourism industry.  Parks also provide a place for families and children to be active and exercise, promoting healthy lifestyles.  The agency is responsible for the operation and stewardship of the state park system as well as advancing a statewide parks, historic preservation, and open space mission.    This dataset includes the name, concesson type and term of concession contracts active in New York State Parks during the most recent calendar year.
Summer Food Service Program Participation
This dataset tracks participation in the summer food service program by year. Data provided by MSDE as part of the Partnership to End Childhood Hunger.
Admitidos por facultad 2019-1
Estudiantes admitidos por facultad para el periodo 2019-1
Vital Signs: Commute Time (by Place of Residence) – Bay Area
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Commute Time (T3)  FULL MEASURE NAME Commute time by residential location  LAST UPDATED April 2020  DESCRIPTION Commute time refers to the average number of minutes a commuter spends traveling to work on a typical day. The dataset includes metropolitan area, county, city, and census tract tables by place of residence.  DATA SOURCE U.S. Census Bureau: Decennial Census (1980-2000) - via MTC/ABAG Bay Area Census http://www.bayareacensus.ca.gov/transportation.htm  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey Form B08013 (2006-2018; place of residence; overall time) Form C08136 (2006-2018; place of residence; time by mode) Form B08301 (2006-2018; place of residence) www.api.census.gov  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) For the decennial Census datasets, breakdown of commute times was unavailable by mode; only overall data could be provided on a historical basis.  For the American Community Survey datasets, 1-year rolling average data was used for all metros, region, and county geographic levels, while 5-year rolling average data was used for cities and tracts. This is due to the fact that more localized data is not included in the 1-year dataset across all Bay Area cities. Similarly, modal data is not available for every Bay Area city or census tract, even when the 5-year data is used for those localized geographies.  Regional commute times were calculated by summing aggregate county travel times and dividing by the relevant population; similarly, modal commute time were calculated using aggregate times and dividing by the number of communities choosing that mode for the given geography. Census tract data is not available for tracts with insufficient numbers of residents.  The metropolitan area comparison was performed for the nine-county San Francisco Bay Area in addition to the primary MSAs for the nine other major metropolitan areas.
Datos Referenciados
El presente conjunto de datos referenciados tiene como objetivo dar a conocer los sitios en donde están ubicados las zonas WiFi.
COD_Hist_Markers
This dataset contains the location and descriptive attributes of sites within the City of Dallas which have been marked by the Texas Historical Commision in recognition of their architectural or historical significance.
FY 2019 GF Budget By Department
FY 2019 General Fund Budget by Major Category/Department
Estrato matriculados por primera vez 2019-1
Estrato de los estudiantes matriculados por primera vez
2012-2013 School Closure Discharge Reporting - All Districts
In June 2013, Some New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2012-2013 school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 2011/043.
Sitios Turísticos de San José del Guaviare
Se relaciona información asociada al nombre, ubicación y tipo de patrimonio  al que pertenecen los sitios turísticos del Municipio de San José del Guaviare
Rate Of Exposure To Rodenticides Per 100,000 People All States
Rate Of Exposure To Rodenticides Per 100,000 People All States
Admitidos y Matriculados
Reporte de admitidos que fueron matriculados al primer semestre de 2019
CASOS DE VIOLENCIA SEXUAL DEPARTAMENTO DEL ATLANTICO 2016
"Tasa por 100.000 habitantes y Número de casos de examenes médico legales por presunto delito sexual según municipio del hecho y sexo de la victima, departamento del Atlántico 2016. Fuente:Instituto Nacional de Medicina Legal y Ciencias Forenses, 2016."
PROGRAMA SOCIAL COLOMBIANITOS 2018
Programa de la Alcaldia de Bucaramanga son los  beneficiarios de las escuelas socio-deportivas, que se usan como herramienta para prevenir el consumo de drogas y evitar el embarazo en adolescentes
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2003 Q2
Utah Ave Employment & Establishments Payroll NAICS 2003 Q2
TCAC Funded Housing Projects
Locations of housing projects supported by the San Mateo County's Housing Department that qualify for low-income tax credit programs through the California Tax Credit Allocation Committee (or "TCAC") which gives incentives for the use of private equity in the development of affordable housing.
Lobbying Reporting System: Maryland Registered Employers List - as of April, 2017
This dataset shows Maryland employers registered with the Maryland State Ethics Commission and registered lobbyists working with these employers, as of April, 2017. Data are provided by the Maryland State Ethics Commission. For the most recent data, visit http://search.lobby.ethics.state.md.us:8080/search .    A lobbying year runs from November 1 through October 31. Activity reports are filed for each six-month period from November 1 to April 30 and May 1 to October 31.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS092
Driver Feedback Sign DFS092  Latitude: 53.493515 Longitude: -113.497863  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Operating and Capital Revenues by Resource Category
City of Roseville Budget Summary and Revenue Comparison
Work-related Injuries
Workplace injuries reported to the Division of Risk Management. All injury classifications are included: fatality, indemnity (lost-time), medical only, and record only.
Asset Inventory
This dataset is an inventory of the assets on the site. Here you can track the performance of data publishing, metadata maintenance, as well as present an overview of what data exists on the site.    Note: This is only updated once per day.
Comment on North Fork Smith River 2017 Rulemaking
DEQ invites the public to submit comment on the North Fork Smith River 2017 rulemaking. Comments will be accepted 1/13/17 through 4 p.m. 2/28/17. Comments submitted outside this period will not be considered.
Vehicle Classification Counts (2012-2013)
Vehicle classification counts collected by DOT for New York Metropolitan Transportation Council (NYMTC) to validate the New York Best Practice Model (NYBPM).
Lista oficial de precios unitarios fijos de Obra Pública y de consultoría - DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ 2017
Lista de precios unitarios como referente  para la contratación de obra Pública en el Departamento de Boyacá 2017. (NO INCLUYE A.I.U."Administración, Imprevistos y Utilidad"). Resolución No. 019 del 6 de Febrero de 2017.    Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Treasurer - 2009 Annual Tax Sale Sold PINS
Annual Tax Sale: A yearly auction of delinquent taxes where a tax buyer (purchaser) pays the delinquent taxes due on a parcel. This results in a lien on the property. The property owner must repay the tax buyer with interest for the amount of the sale – this is known as “redemption.” If redemption does not occur within a set time period, the tax buyer can obtain legal title to the property – this is referred to as a “tax deed.”
Advantage After School Program
Included in the data set are data elements that will help the public learn about the agencies currently contracting with New York State to provide Advantage After School Program services. The data elements are as follows:Contract Start Date, Contract End Date, Round Number, Contract Number, Contract Amount, School Levels Served (Elementary, Middle School, High School), Average Daily Attendance (MADA), Agency, Site Name, Street Address, Primary City, Zip Code.Also, the asterisks (*) indicate that the contract agency operates the program at two sites.
Travel Times
Current travel times when traveling by car between various points within the city.
Percentage to Tax Cap Rates Utah Libraries 2009
The following data was provided by the Utah Tax Commission with additional calculations and reformatting done by the Utah State Library.
TCAP School And District Summary Results 2013
TCAP standardized testing school and district summary results for 2013 data. This report includes Math, Reading, Writing and Science subject results.
RSBS HVAC: New York State Residential Statewide Baseline Study: Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) Contractor Survey
The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), in collaboration with the New York State Department of Public Service (DPS), conducted a statewide residential baseline study (study) from 2011 to 2014 of the single-family and multifamily residential housing segments, including new construction, and a broad range of energy uses and efficiency measures. This dataset includes data from 47 completed Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) contractor surveys. The survey sample was stratified by the size of the HVAC contractor company: 28 survey completes for small companies (defined as having 1-10 employees) and 19 survey completes for large companies (defined as larger than 10 employees.) The surveys focused on employer or company information, sales of energy efficient HVAC equipment, installation practices, training, and experience with NYS energy efficiency programs.  How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.
Afiliados Régimen Contributivo Por Grupo De Edad Y Sexo, 1er Semestre 2016
NUMERO DE PERSONAS AFILIADAS  AL RÉGIMEN  CONTRIBUTIVO POR RANGO DE EDAD QUINQUENAL
Vital Statistics Live Birth Data by Gestation in Weeks and Resident County: Beginning 2008
This dataset contains the number of New York State live births stratified by county of residence and gestation in weeks. The data presented here may not be the same as the Vital Statistics tables on the DOH public web due to data updates. For more information, check out: http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/vital_statistics/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
pln_snt_ctgry_cst_shr_xwalk [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_snt_ctgry_cst_shr_xwalk [prod], released on 2020-10-23.
Bingo Licenses
Provincial listing of bingo licensees and physical addresses
MUESTRA POBLACION EL ZULIA
Muestra de datos, tomada de la poblacion del sisben a corte de julio de 2020
Contracts: Agencies: As of June 30, 2011
This report provides information on contracts and amendments to contracts issued from July 1, 2010 - June 30, 2011, for state agencies who are subject to DAS contracting authority. These agencies must report their contracting activity through the Oregon Procurement Information Network (ORPIN) system. The contract values reflected in this report are estimates.
Local Law 22 of 2015 Worker Cooperative Reports
The report includes the following: the number and total dollar value of City contracts awarded to worker cooperatives, disaggregated by agency and type of business; the number and total dollar value of all City contracts, disaggregated by agency and type of business; and the percentage of City contracts awarded to worker cooperatives, disaggregated by agency and type of business.
Department of Revenue Services - Tax Credits Claimed For 2007
Department of Revenue Services Tax Credits Claimed on 2007 Corporation Business, Insurance Premiums and Public Service Companies Tax Returns
Uniform Crime Reporting System Arrests in 2012
Arrests are the number of persons arrested, cited or summoned for all criminal acts in Part I and Part II Crimes
NOHSS Adult Indicators - 2010 And Prior BRFSS
Data from BRFSS for indicators of adult oral health for 1999 and even years from 2002 through 2010. National estimates are represented by the median prevalence among 50 states and the District of Columbia data. Estimates are prepared from the BRFSS public use data sets. Estimates in this file are not age adjusted, and may differ slightly from estimates available from the BRFSS web site or Chronic Disease Indicators due to small differences in definition, age adjustment or rounding. For more information, see: http://www.cdc.gov/oralhealthdata/overview/Adult_Indicators.html
Contratación Municipio de Páramo Vigencias  2015 hasta 2018.
Contratación Municipio de Páramo Vigencias  2015 hasta 2018.
Six Point Plan Data
Six Point Plan Data
PQR Contraloría Departamental del Meta
Solicitudes tramitadas y tiempos de respuestas de las pqr hechas por la ciudadanía a la contraloría departamental del meta
Parks Projects Status
Parks Projects Status Measure K PRKCI and CAPPK
City of Memphis Parks Spatial Data
This is a geojson file containing information about the City of Memphis Parks and associated assets. Dataset contains both point and polygon information. Park data came from ParkServe (https://www.tpl.org/parkserve/downloads) and asset data is provided by City of Memphis Parks and Neighborhood Division.
INFORMACIÓN CONTRATOS LICITACIÓN PÚBLICA ALCALDIA DE CHIA VIGENCIA  2019
LICITACIÓN PUBLICA
Election 2014 August LAUSD District 1 Polling Place List
Listing of the poll place locations for the 2014 August Los Angeles Unified School District 1 Runoff Special Election. Includes detail listing down to the established precincts.
Census Tracts in Colorado 2017
American Community Survey Census data includes demographics, education level, commute information, and more subset to Colorado by the Department of Local Affairs (DOLA).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of November 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of November 2018.</p>
Consolidado de Contratación de Antioquia Mes de Febrero de 2015
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación con la Información detallada de todos los Eventos filtrado por la Fecha de Firma del Contrato
FY 2019-21 Biennial Proposed Budget
The Mayors Proposed Biennial Budget for Fiscal Years 2019-20 and 2020-21
Iowa Unemployment Insurance Benefit Payments and Recipients by County (Monthly)
This dataset contains Iowa unemployment insurance benefit payments, weeks compensated, and number of benefit recipients by county.  County data is based on the recipient’s place of residence. (2000 to date)
ESTADÍSTICAS DE LAS PERSONAS DESMOVILIZADAS FRENTE A SU SITUACIÓN EN EL PROCESO DE REINTEGRACIÓN
Es de interés para la Entidad poner a disposición de la ciudadanía, información nacional y regional que permite conocer la situación frente al proceso de reintegración de las personas desmovilizadas registradas en el Sistema de Información de la entidad, al último día de cada mes.   La situación frente al proceso es una variable calculada que permite categorizar los individuos de acuerdo a el estado calculado en el que se encuentra la personas dentro del proceso de reintegración.  La variable situación frente al proceso maneja las siguientes categorías:  • Población en proceso de reintegración: son las personas desmovilizadas que la ARN atiende permanentemente y que están cumpliendo con su ruta de reintegración. • Población ausente del proceso de reintegración: estas personas pueden tener tres estados. En investigación por causal sobreviniente, en investigación por abandono al proceso de reintegración y suspendido • Población fuera del proceso de reintegración: se refiere a las personas desmovilizadas que a través del proceso jurídico correspondiente salieron del proceso de reintegración y no acceden a sus beneficios. Lo anterior de acuerdo a el procedimiento de suspensión o pérdida de beneficios establecido en la resolución 0754 de 2013. • Población culminada: Son las personas que han cumplido con todos los requisitos establecidos por la ARN para terminar satisfactoriamente su proceso de reintegración y el único estado que se encuentra dentro de este grupo es Culminado.
Pago servicio energía cámaras  Municipio de Chia 2018
Información estadística Pago servicio energía cámaras  Municipio de Chia 2018
Especies Pecuarias Existentes En El Municipio
especies pecuarias existentes en el municipio de Gramalote
DVS Resource Map
Assistance requests for services, care, or resources supported via phone, in-person, postal mail or electronic mail. Assistance and support involve connecting City veterans and their families to a coordinated network of public, private and non-profit organizations.
2015 - 2016 School Closure Discharge By Grade
New York City public schools closed for poor performance. This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the school year, according to the guidelines set by Local Law 043
Accidentes Por Clase Cuarto Trimestre del Año 2018 del Municipio de Candelaria Valle.
El municipio de Candelaria pone a disposición a todos los interesados la estadística de accidentes por clase en el cuarto trimestre del año 2018.
Transparency – Utah Local Government Revenue 2013
This Dataset contains Transparency data from the Transparency website for local governmental entities in the State of Utah.
Richmond Police Department  - Citywide Traffic Crashes
Traffic incidents responded to by the Richmond Police Department.   This count includes the total number of reports written for traffic collisions (many collisions do not have written reports filed). Collision count may not be accurate due to delay in reporting.  Location column has been randomized within a 200ft range of the original location for privacy reasons.
CONTRATISTAS POR GENERO 2018-2
Clasificación de genero entre los contratistas administrativos de la Universidad del Quindio
Enrolment by Age Group
Enrolments for ACT Legislative Assembly Elections by Age Group
Utah- Criterion- Referenced- Test Results 2010-2013
This data set contains the CRT (Criterion Reference Test) results by school and grade for year 2001-2013.
Single Parent Households by City, 2016
Single Parent Households by City, 2016. Note: Child definition is a child under 18 years old who is a son or daughter by birth, marriage (a stepchild), or adoption. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S1101.
Kindergarten Students with Pre-kindergarten Experience by District: 2009-2012
This dataset contains the percentage of Kindergarten students with Pre-kindergarten experience by district for school years 2009-10 through 2012-13.
Urbana Police Arrests Since 1988
Arrests by the Urbana Police Department since 1988, with arrestee demographic data. MAPPING NOTE: Only the home city of the arrestee is available for mapping.
Caremark In-Network Flu Shot Locations (2020)
State health plan members can receive a FREE flu shot by visiting one of these participating locations. Please note that appointments may be required and it is strongly recommended that you call ahead.
Informe PQRSFD Octubre 2016 - Alcaldía Mpal de Tunja
Corresponde al informe del mes de octubre, para hacer seguimiento a las PQRSFD de los ciudadanos de Tunja - Alcaldía Mayor de Tunja
Temperatura Mínima del Aire
Temperatura mínima del aire a 2 metros. Los datos disponibles a través de este medio pueden ser libremente consumidos bajo los siguientes clausulas: 1.Los datos a visualizar o descargar a continuación no han sido validados por el IDEAM. 2. Los datos aquí dispuestos son datos crudos instantáneos provenientes de los sensores de las estaciones automáticas de la red propia y/o producto de convenios interadministrativos con terceras entidades. 3. Los datos son puestos a disposición de la ciudadanía como mecanismo de transparencia y para proveer una herramienta de apoyo a la gestión del riesgo territorial y como datos abiertos en cumplimiento de la Ley 1712 de 2014. 4. Es posible que los datos aquí dispuestos tengan cierto retraso en el tiempo debido a las frecuencias de envío de datos de los sensores y los medios de transmisión utilizados. 5. Los datos presenten errores y/o inconsistencias estando incluso por fuera de los límites considerados normales, producto de fallas en los sensores de origen. 6. El posterior uso e interpretación que se le dé para cualquier finalidad queda bajo la exclusiva responsabilidad del portador de los datos. 7. Cualquier destino que se le dé a los datos exime al IDEAM de realizarles cualquier tipo de justificación o iniciarles proceso alguno de validación posterior, cuya fuente primaria deben ser los canales oficialmente dispuestos por la Entidad para el suministro de información oficial y validada. 8. Por las razones expuestas anteriormente los datos dispuestos no podrán ser utilizados como evidencia jurídica ante entes de control acerca de la ocurrencia o no de fenómenos hidroclimatológicos o de soporte a cualquier tipo de situación o evento ocurrido como consecuencia de estos.
Procesos de Responsabilidad Fiscal - Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Relación de los procesos de responsabilidad fiscal que adelanta la Contraloría Municipal de Itagüí
Esquema de publicación de la información
Contiene el esquema de publicación de la información de la entidad. Que es un instrumento de información requerido al objeto obligado(Alcaldía) por el decreto reglamentario 1081 de 2015.
2012 SAT Scores
SAT scores taken in 2012 for Bronx graduating students
Conexiones Nuevas Agua Potable 2019
REPORTE CON NÚMERO DE SOLICITUDES AL MES DE CONEXIÓN DE AGUA POTABLE
Maryland Total New Parcels Outside PFA For Residential Development: 2006-2017
Maryland Total New Parcels Outside Priority Funding Area (PFA) - New Parcel Development  for Residential Development from 2006 through and including 2017 based on the PFA boundaries and MdProperty View Edition year data referenced below. PFAs are existing communities and places where local governments want State investment to support future growth.   2006-2012 Data Sources: -PFA boundaries dated 08/21/2014 -MdProperty View 2012 Edition for all jurisdictions except Allegany and Garrett counties, which are based on MdProperty View 2011 Edition updated with August 2014 parcel data from the State Department of Assessments and Taxation.   2013-2015 Data Sources: -PFA boundaries dated 08/29/2016 -MdProperty View 2013/14 Edition parcel data for all jurisdictions in Maryland except the following: Baltimore, Caroline, Cecil, Dorchester, Harford, Kent, Queen Anne’s, Talbot, and Wicomico counties and Baltimore City, 2013/2014 Edition data updated with June 2016 parcel data from Assessments, and Anne Arundel and Carroll Counties, 2012 Edition data updated with June 2016 parcel data from Assessments. For new parcels included in the June 2016 update, parcel point placement was done via geocoding and not via placement by deed and/or plat.
Safe Drinking Water Information System for Pennsylvania 2018 Environmental Protection
Safe Drinking Water Information System (SDWIS) is EPA’s national database that manages and collects public water system information from states, including reports of drinking water standard violations, reporting and monitoring violations, and other basic information. The data derived in the State of Pennsylvania is published and searchable online on the www.pa.gov website. This set contains the Water System Facility data, which will be updated annually for the prior calendar year in the first Quarter of the following year.
RTA Mobility Ridership by Month
This data presents data on Regional Transportation Mobility Ridership by Month.
Listado de Cuadrantes de la Policía Nacional de Colombia
En el presente conjunto de datos se relacionan los cuadrantes a nivel nacional, el cual contiene en su estructura la ubicación geográfica (departamento), la estación, número telefónico y número de cuadrante de la patrulla de policía que se encuentra a cargo del mismo. El conjunto de datos busca crear un canal y facilitar la comunicación entre la ciudadanía y la Policía Nacional en cada jurisdicción.
NNDSS - Table II. Giardiasis to Haemophilus influenza
NNDSS - Table II. Giardiasis to Haemophilus influenza - 2016.  In this Table, provisional* cases of selected† notifiable diseases (≥1,000 cases reported during the preceding year), and selected low frequency diseases are displayed. The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories.  Note:  These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting.     Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available.     Footnotes:  C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands.   U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable.  NP:  Nationally notifiable but not published.    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum.    * Case counts for reporting year 2016 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly.   † Three low incidence conditions, rubella, rubella congenital, and tetanus, are in Table II to facilitate case count verification with reporting jurisdictions.   § Data for H. influenzae (age <5 years for serotype b, nonserotype b, and unknown serotype) are available in Table I.
Benefits Cost Sharing PUF - 2018
The Benefits and Cost Sharing PUF (BenCS-PUF) is one of the files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The BenCS-PUF contains plan-level data on essential health benefits, coverage limits, and cost sharing for each QHP and SADP. These data either originate from the Plans & Benefits template (i.e., template field), an Excel-based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
PBJ Daily Nurse Staffing CY 2017 Q1
Payroll-Based Journal staffing data submitted by long term care facilities. Data are presented as one row per work day, for each facility.
YYC Kenya Mobilization: Mobilization Data
This data asset contains information on youth mobilized during the project's initial "Year Zero" activities. To support USAID/Kenya’s mission to empower youth as envisioned in Kenya’s 2010 constitution, YYC developed peaceful leaders among 18- to 35-year-olds while improving the youths’ socioeconomic status. This was implemented in Nairobi and the Coast Regions. YYC gives youth the leadership and entrepreneurial skills to govern their own programs, constructively engage with key government and community actors regarding issues that affect them, and engage in livelihood activities. YYC emphasized the participation of women by increasing young women’s access to basic literacy, numeracy, and entrepreneurship training, ultimately enabling them to become empowered social and economic actors.
Asbestos Related NOV's Issued 2013
Notice of Violation http://www.sos.mo.gov/adrules/csr/current/10csr/10c10-6b.pdf
New Hires May15pjm-2
View New Hire
Business Services – Support Issues Resolved
Information about Customer Information System (CIS) support tickets. The CIS System Functional Support team (CIS Admin “Help desk”) receive system issues (ex. billing issues, information requests, or system processing questions) affecting internal and external customers via email or phone call and number of tickets resolved same day as reported.
Vital Signs: Transit Ridership – by metro
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR  Transit Ridership (T11)    FULL MEASURE NAME  Daily transit boardings    LAST UPDATED  May 2017    DESCRIPTION  Transit ridership refers to the number of passenger boardings on public transportation, which includes buses, rail systems and ferries. The dataset includes metropolitan area, regional, mode and operator tables for total typical weekday boardings.    DATA SOURCE  Federal Transit Administration: National Transit Database  http://www.ntdprogram.gov/ntdprogram/data.htm    CONTACT INFORMATION  vitalsigns.info@mtc.ca.gov    METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator)  The NTD dataset was lightly cleaned to correct for erroneous zero values - in which null values (unsubmitted data) were incorrectly marked as zeroes. Paratransit data is sparse in early years of the NTD dataset, meaning that transit ridership estimates in the early 1990s are likely underestimated. Simple modes were aggregated to combine the various bus modes (e.g. rapid bus, express bus, local bus) into a single mode to avoid incorrect conclusions resulting from mode recoding over the lifespan of NTD.    2016 data should be considered preliminary, as it comes from the monthly data tables rather than the longer-term time-series dataset. Weekday ridership is calculated by taking the total annual ridership and dividing by 300, an assumption which is consistent with MTC travel modeling procedures; it was also compared to observed weekday boarding data (which is more limited in availability) to ensure consistency on the regional level. Per-capita transit ridership is calculated for the operator's general service area or taxation district; for example, BART includes the three core counties (San Francisco, Alameda, and Contra Costa) as well as northern San Mateo County post-SFO extension and AC Transit includes the cities located within its service area. For other metro areas, operators were identified by developing a list of all urbanized areas within a current MSA boundary and then using that UZA list to flag relevant operators; this means that all operators (both large and small) were included in the metro comparison data.
2019 Child and Adult Health Care Quality Measures Quality
Performance rates on frequently reported health care quality measures in the CMS Medicaid/CHIP Child and Adult Core Sets, for FFY 2019 reporting.  Source: Mathematica analysis of MACPro and Form CMS-416 reports for the FFY 2019 reporting cycle. Dataset revised October 2020. For more information, see the Children's Health Care Quality Measures and Adult Health Care Quality Measures webpages.
Credited Job Placement Report
Statistics on monthly job placement trends.
PRESUPUESTO FISCAL VIGENCIA 2017
PRESUPUESTO FISCAL VIGENCIA 2017 ALCALDÍA DE PUERTO LIBERTADOR CORDOBA
Building Permits 2017
Building permits in San Diego County, CA issued by Planning and Development Services in 2017.
Indice Sintético De Calidad Educativa, Sector Oficial Vigencia 2016
Indice Sintético De Calidad Educativa, Sector Oficial Vigencia 2016, en Santiago de Cali
Environmental Nuisance Docket 12-4-2018
Nuisance abatement resolution adopted 12-4-2018
Austin Code Complaint Case Events
This data represents Austin Code Department complaint case events.
Code Compliance Complaints by Month
Code Compliance complaints by type per month. Sort the Date column by descending order to see the most recent months.
DSS Township Counts - by Race - CY 2019
DSS CY 2019 Town counts - Number of people enrolled in DSS services in the calendar year 2019, by township and race. NOTE: On April 22, 2019 the methodology for determining HUSKY A Newborn recipients changed, which caused an increase of recipients for that benefit starting in October 2016. We now count recipients recorded in the ImpaCT system as well as in the HIX system for that assistance type, instead using HIX exclusively. Also, the methodology for determining the address of the recipients changed: 1. The address of a recipient in the ImpaCT system is now correctly determined specific to that month instead of using the address of the most recent month. This resulted in some shuffling of the recipients among townships starting in October 2016. 2. If, in a given month, a recipient has benefit records in both the HIX system and in the ImpaCT system, the address of the recipient is now calculated as follows to resolve conflicts: Use the residential address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the mailing address in ImpaCT if it exists, else use the address in HIX. This resulted in a reduction in counts for most townships starting in March 2017 because a single address is now used instead of two when the systems do not agree. NOTE: On February 14 2019, the enrollment counts for 2012-2015 across all programs were updated to account for an error in the data integration process. As a result, the count of the number of people served increased by 13% for 2012, 10% for 2013, 8% for 2014 and 4% for 2015. Counts for 2016, 2017 and 2018 remain unchanged. NOTE: On 1/16/2019 these counts were revised to count a recipient in all locations that recipient resided in that year. NOTE: On 1/1/2019 the counts were revised to count a recipient in only one town per year even when the recipient moved within the year. The most recent address is used. (But this was reversed later, see above.)
Assessor's Office Deleted Parcel List 2019-2020
Parcels subdivided, merged or voided for the 2019-2020 roll. List of the parcels deleted from the Assessor records as a result of parcel splits and merges.
Lugares De Entretenimiento del Municipio de Chía 2016-2017
Estadísticas de los lugares de entretenimiento en el Municipio de Chía vigencias 2016-2017
171- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 2.1
Memorial Library Performance Measures, Objective 2.1- Attendance at Children's Programs, FY 2019 Proposed Budget.
Top 100 Businesses
100 Top Delinquent Business Taxpayers
Procurement - Intent to Execute
This dataset provides the list of vendors and contracts to be executed by the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer and is updated 3 days before award.    M/W/DBE Participation Types  MBE = Minority Business Enterprise  WBE = Women Business Enterprise  DBE = Disadvantaged Business Enterprise  Native American (4)  African American (5)  Female (7)  Asian (8)  Hispanic (9)
HSAPH - Partners for Safe & Healthy Children - Public Health Nurse Program
Partners for Safe & Healthy Children - Public Health Nurse Program. HSAPH Measure K Performance
Graduados por Jornada por Genero 2018-1
Estadísticas Uniquindio periodo 2018-1
ÍNDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA ALCALDÍA DE MIRAFLORES
ÍNDICE DE INFORMACIÓN CLASIFICADA Y RESERVADA ALCALDÍA DE MIRAFLORES
CTA - List of Fare Media Sales Outlets (deprecated August 2014)
List of physical locations where fare media were sold through approximately July 2014, prior to the implementation of Ventra cards.  The locations for Ventra card sales/reloading are more extensive and not yet available in dataset format.  Please see http://www.transitchicago.com/ventra for information on the Ventra program and https://www.ventrachicago.com/retailers/locations to find Ventra retail locations.
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2010
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2010
2015 San Diego Demographics - Bilingual Estimates
Language Spoken at Home for the Bilingual Population 5 Years and Over. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B16001.
FTF Ghana 2015 Interim Population-Based Survey: Exclusive Breastfeeding
Feed the Future (FTF) initiative in Ghana is a collaborative effort that supports country-owned processes and plans for improving food security and nutrition, particularly in the northern part of the country. These datasets cover the interim survey that took place in 2015 and was designed as a follow-up to the baseline survey that happened from 2012 to 2013. The survey covered a range of indicators organized around four groups: (1) economic well-being; (2) women and children anthropometry; (3) hunger and diet diversity; and (4) women's empowerment. The survey design involved two stages in which enumeration areas were selected followed by households. Data was collected in a face-to-face fashion using well-designed questionnaires and other study materials.
Total Income Parking Meter Data: May 2016 Report
All Parking income for the City Of Evanston
proyectos de acuerdo concejo de ibague
proyectos de acuerdo concejo de ibague
Veredas y su Producción
producción agropecuaria, habitantes, clima, presidentes de junta de acción comunal  de las Veredas del municipio de Alpujarra
Esquema de Publicación de Información - Aguas Regionales EPM
Dentro de los instrumentos de gestión de la información pública, estipulados por la ley de Transparencia y acceso a la Información 1712 de 2014 Aguas Regionales EPM comparte como datos abiertos su esquema de publicación de información.
American Survey Of Manufacturers Data Utah 2010
This data set contains Utah data from the Annual Survey of Manufactures: Geographic Area Statistics: Statistics for All Manufacturing by State: 2010 and 2009  more information 2010 Annual Survey of Manufactures.
Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada ESE Hospital San José del Guaviare
Archivo con el Índice de Información Clasificada y Reservada de la ESE Hospital San José del Guaviare.
FUNCIONARIOS POR NIVEL CMC 2018
Funcionarios por Nivel Contraloria Municipal de Cúcuta vigencia 2018
OD0043 High Capacity Wells
Any well where 4 L/second or more of water is extracted is a high capacity well. Records contain the owner, community, and approved pumping rate of high capacity wells on Prince Edward Island.
2017-19 Adopted Budget: Total Projected Available Revenues By Agency
Legislatively Adopted Budget: 2017-19 Biennium: Total Available Revenues by Agency (July 2017). This report provides Revenue information for Oregon state agencies, organized by agency # and by fund type (e.g. General Fund, Lottery Funds, Other Funds, and Federal Funds). For more information: https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/revenue.aspx#Money_Coming_In:__Revenue.
City of Calgary Bylaws
The Municipal Government Act grants Council the power to pass bylaws. Bylaws are created as a way to address issues and concerns of the local community. They are created to protect the environment, public health, public safety, or to maintain an orderly appearance in your community and city.  Bylaws are subject to amendment. Citizens should consult the original documents in the Office of the City Clerk. Copies of Bylaws not listed may be purchased by contacting the City Clerk's office by e-mail (mailto:cityclerk@calgary.ca?subject=Bylaws) or 403-268-5861.  For general bylaw information please call: 3-1-1 or 403-268-CITY (2489) -- if calling from outside Calgary.
DCF Children in Placement:  Annual Point-in-Time Trend By Gender
This dataset contains aggregate data concerning the number of unique children placed in open DCF placements on the observation date (July 1st each year).  These figures are broken out by the DCF Region and Office responsible for the child's care, the child's Gender, whether the placement setting is in or out-of-state, and by the categorical Placement Type in which the child is residing on the observation date.
Datos Características de la población sisbenizada
Información SISBEN
Swimming Pool Permits
List of permits for all swimming pools, hot tubs, wading pools, and whirlpools in the city of Cambridge
Uniform Crime Reporting System Offenses  By Department 2010
The Uniform Crime Reporting Program measures the extent, fluctuation and distribution of crime throughout the United States. After counting Crime Index offenses reported, minus any unfounded complaints, contributors provide the number of “actual offenses” and the number of crimes cleared. For a criminal offense to be “cleared,” either of the following situations must prevail: (1) at least one person is arrested, charged, and turned over to the court for prosecution; or (2) some element beyond police control precludes the physical arrest of the offender (e.g., death of offender, victim refuses to cooperate, confession by offender already in police custody), resulting in the offense being cleared by “exceptional means.” Contributing agencies also include data on the value of property stolen and recovered in connection with the reported offenses, plus specific information regarding homicides, officers assaulted and arson.
Total Reported Diseases Utah 1990-1999
This report provides information on the number of reported cases of reportable communicable diseases by year for various ten-year periods.
Bronx Intersection Accidents November 2012
Reported intersection accidents in the Bronx for the month of November, 2012
ED Private Capital Investment
Rolling average of private capital investments for commercial and industrial projects permitted by Pierce County in the previous 18 months.
PY19 Summer Meal Program Sites and Meals Served
This dataset is derived from the All Summer Sites Contacts list and site-level SSO and SFSP meal counts datasets for the purposes of populating the 2019 Summer Meals Map and Measure found on the TDA Summer Meal Program Data Overview story.   All Summer Sites Contacts include sites that have been approved at least once to operate Seamless Summer Option (SSO) or Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) for 2019.  Summer Meal Count data are derived from approved monthly site claims for 2019 and include all meals reported whether they were eligible for reimbursement or not.  Data was collected on:  All Summer Sites Contacts - 10/14/2019 SFSP Meal Counts - 02/10/2020 SSO Meal Counts - 02/10/2020
SHIP Uninsured ED Visits 2008-2017
Uninsured ED Visits - This indicator shows the percentage of persons without health (medical) insurance who seek care through the Emergency Department. People without health insurance are more likely to be in poor health than the insured. Lack of health insurance can result in increased visits to the emergency department and decreased routine care visits with a primary care provider.
State Agency Amazon Spend
DES is publishing the Amazon spend for state agencies collected through the Washington State Amazon Business account. The data set only includes closed orders. Any orders that are still in process or have been cancelled are not included.
Feed The Future Uganda Population-Based Survey, Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-File 1
The Uganda Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in 38 districts across eight regions of the country. The PBS was conducted from October 25 to December 30, 2012. The overall objective of the survey is to provide baseline data on living standards, nutritional status, and women's empowerment in agriculture in the Zone Of Influence. This dataset is the first of two datasets needed to calculate the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index-related measures.
Boundary File of Nova Scotia's Functional Economic Regions
A geographic shape file of Nova Scotia’s Functional Economic Regions. The most widely accepted approach to identifying functional economic regions is based on self-contained labour areas (SLAs) - a group of two or more Census Subdivisions (CSDs) where at least 75% of the workers both live and work in the area.   Using Census data, Statistics Canada has identified Census Subdivisions (CSDs) that can be grouped together into SLAs based on daily commuting flows.  Department of Business has mapped these areas and created a GIS shape file that is intended to represent Nova Scotia’s functional economic regions.
2012 Primary Election Results
Votes received for candidates for state offices by county for the 2016 Colorado primary election
Agency Payroll Contacts
Need to contact someone in your agency's payroll department.  Well look no further!
State Drug Utilization Data 1992
Drug utilization data are reported by states for covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Data descriptions are available on Medicaid.gov: https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid/prescription-drugs/state-drug-utilization-data/state-drug-utilization-data-faq/index.html
US Coal Production By State T 2.7 1994-2013
Utah data from UGS coal company questionaires
Mobility Data by Tract City County In Utah 2014
This data set contains household survey data from Census.  The American Community Survey was developed by the Census Bureau to replace the long form of the decennial census program. The ACS is a large demographic survey collected throughout the year using mailed questionnaires, telephone interviews, and visits from Census Bureau field representatives to about 3.5 million household addresses annually. Starting in 2005, the ACS produced social, housing, and economic characteristic data for demographic groups in areas with populations of 65,000 or more. (Prior to 2005, the estimates were produced for areas with 250,000 or more population.) The ACS also accumulates sample over 3-year and 5-year intervals to produce estimates for smaller geographic areas, including census tracts and block groups.
311 Service Requests for Fiscal Year (FY) 2018 - Parking
There are over 400 service requests types that are reported in the 311 system that affect the quality of life of our citizens, neighborhoods, and communities. The most popular service requests include but are not limited to animal services requests, high weeds, junk motor vehicles, and a number of other code compliance-related issues. Requests that deal with streets and mobility such as street and pot hole repair are also very common. 311 also receives requests to address environmental issues such as water conservation and air quality complaints.  This dataset represents all Service Requests for the fiscal year time period of October 1, 2017 to September 30, 2018.
pln_rgn_state_xwalk [prod]
Plan Finder dataset pln_rgn_state_xwalk [prod], released on 2020-10-23.
Estadísticos de información por servicios  año 2017
Producción por servicios prestados durante la vigencia
DNRTraxx Report
Water Right information for the Department of Natural Resources
Hospital Charges to Medicare for Inpatient Services Utah 2013
The data set includes hospital-specific charges for Utah hospitals that receive Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) payments for the top 100 most frequently billed discharges, paid under Medicare based on a rate per discharge using the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2011. Users will be able to make comparisons between the amount charged by individual hospitals within local markets, and nationwide, for services that might be furnished in connection with a particular inpatient stay.
511 NY Events: Beginning 2010
The 511NY dataset contain historical traffic and transit event information provided by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT), the New York City Department of Transportation, the New York State Thruway Authority and the Niagara International Transportation Technology Coalition (Buffalo-Niagara Region). The file includes all incidents/accidents, construction projects and special events in New York State that were available on the 511NY traffic and transit map for the time period noted.
Tasa De Mortalidad Fetal 2010-2016
Tasa De Mortalidad Fetal 2010-2016 Caldas
Reported Volunteer Rate
Reported Volunteer Rate measures the percentage of respondents to the  Edmontonians’ Perception Survey who report having volunteered during the past 12 months. This measure is used to assess whether Edmontonians are volunteering, which can lead them to feeling more connected to their community. A third-party vendor conducts the survey by telephone.
NY Clean Energy Dashboard Portfolios Progress and Plans: Beginning January 2016
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  This dataset contains Portfolio-level budget data from the New York State Clean Energy Dashboard (https://rev.ny.gov/cleanenergydashboard). The Clean Energy Dashboard aggregates budgets and benefits progress data across dozens of programs administered by NYSERDA and utilities. The Clean Energy Dashboard features most of the programs and initiatives that contribute significantly to New York State’s aggressive clean energy goals while tracking progress against both utilities’ and New York State’s targets.
RAI
Registro de Activos de la Información
Entidades Acreditadas
Entidades acreditadas para impartir el curso básico de economía solidaria.
County/Metro Indicator - Diabetes
UCLA Center for Health Policy Research. AskCHIS 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011-2017. Ever diagnosed with diabetes (San Bernardino County, State of California). Available at ask.chis.ucla.edu. Exported on February 13, 2019.
Crimes Against Property by Youth
Youth arrested for crimes against property
NUMERO DE VIVIENDAS  POR TERRITORIO 2018 CONSOLIDADO
CONSOLIDADO DEL NÚMERO DE VIVIENDAS  POR TERRITORIO  DEL MUNICIPIO DE ANGOSTURA 2018
Daily Public Transport Passenger Boardings By Ticket Type
This dataset contains daily Public Transport Patronage in types of tickets including MyWay cards and paper tickets. Paper tickets purchased from Ticket Vending Machins are excluded. Patronage for special events are excluded.   Note: Due to delays in data processing, final number may take up to three days to accurately report on all passenger boardings.
Fees And Charges 2018-2019
This dataset shows the Fees and Charges for SCC and is visualized on the SCC Corporate Website. If applicable, the data should be used in conjunction with the notes that are available here https://data.sunshinecoast.qld.gov.au/Administration/Fees-And-Charges-2018-2019-Reference-Notes/rw5j-bvz5/data?firstRun=true
UCundinamarca - Registro de Activos de Información - Control Interno Disciplinario
Contiene registro de Activos de Información de la Universidad de Cundinamarca del Proceso de Control Interno Disciplinario.
2016 - 2017 School Locations
School Location Information
AFSC/ABL: 2009 Chinook Excluder Samples
This project genetically analyzed 1,620 chinook salmon samples from the 2009 spring salmon excluder device test. These samples were collected over a short period of time from a limited geographical area and thus represent a unique sample set.
Child Welfare and Community Services Funded Programs
Included in this data set are data elements that will help the public identify all the programs currently funded by the New York State Office of Children and Family Services' (OCFS) Division of Child Welfare and Community Services (CWCS).  Data elements include the name of the provider agency, the business address and phone number, the county served, type of program, funding source, description of services, contract dates, contract number, funding level and the agencies website, where available
National Drugs Strategy Household Survey (NDSHS)- Illicit Drugs
National Drugs Strategy Household Survey (NDSHS)- Illicit Drugs    Illicit substance use data  Any drug = Used at least 1 of 16 illicit drugs in 2016 (Note: the number and type of illicit drug used varied between 1998 and 2016.						  Cannabis = Used in the previous 12 months  Cocaine = Used in the previous 12 months.						  Ecstasy = Used in the previous 12 months.  meth/amphetamine used for non-medical purpose in the previous 12 Months.  Pain-killers/analgesics and opioids for non-medical purposes  Tranquillisers/sleeping pills for non-medical purposes    Steroids for non-medical purposes    OTC refers to paracetamol, aspirin and other non-opioid over-the-counter pain-killers/analgesics.  # = Statistically significant change between 2013 and 2016.																	   * = Estimate has a relative standard error of 25% to 50% and should be used with caution.												  ** = Estimate has a high level of sampling error (relative standard error of 51% to 90%), meaning that it is unsuitable for most uses.																	  < = less than (<) the value stated.   n.p. = not published  Note: For years 2001 to 2010, 'Pain-killers/analgesics and opioids' refers to the combined rates from the 'pain-killer/analgesics' and 'other opiates' sections and may include the use of non-opioid over-the-counter (OTC) drugs such as paracetamol and aspirin.  In 2013, a new question was added to the survey and captured the types of prescription and over-the-counter analgesics used allowing the 2013 data to be reanalysed including and excluding non-opioid over-the-counter drugs such as paracetamol and aspirin.  In 2016, pain-killer/analgesics and opioids sections were combined into one section and references and questions about use of non-opioid over-the-counter (OTC) drugs such as paracetamol and aspirin were removed.  While analyses have been undertaken to make the 2013 and 2016 data as comparable as possible, the changes to the 2016 survey has resulted in a break in the time-series for pain-killers and opiates and also for the overall misuse of pharmaceuticals. As the data are no longer comparable, significance testing was not undertaken between 2013 and 2016 for 'pain-killers/analgesics and opioids' or misuse of any pharmaceutical.    The data is presented by the ACT Government for the purpose of disseminating information for the benefit of the public. The ACT Government has taken great care to ensure the information in this report is as correct and accurate as possible. Whilst the information is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of the information. Differences in statistical methods and calculations, data updates and guidelines may result in the information contained in this report varying from previously published information.
2015 San Diego County Demographics - Veteran Status
Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
CorStat - Corona Operating Budget XP
Corona Operating Budget XP - Expenses Dataset ID    <b>Update Frequency:</b> Annually - As Needed    <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Contenedores
Numero y posición contenedores en Bogotá
Animal Control Monthly Statistics: 2015-Current
The data includes the number of animals received, adopted, returned to owners, and sent to rescue.
Open Article 7 Petitions
The information in the City's computer records with respect to open petitions challenging real property tax assessments pursuant to Article 7 of the Real Property Tax Law: contains the index number and year the petition was commenced, the name of the petitioner, the name of the attorney for the petitioner, and various note of issue codes.
County Sheriff Reported Crimes
Reported crimes of the Marin County Sheriff's Department. Data is updated every four hours. Data begins as of January 1, 2013. Each reported crime includes its date/time, approximate location, crime type, and crime classification.    NOTE: For the safety and security of victims of crimes, street address locations, other than reported street intersections or highway locations, are not exact.  They are adjusted to the nearest block level.    There are two columns of city/town information.  The first is the reported city/town name in the crime records.  The second, which is not in the crime records, is a translation of it into the more commonly known city/town name, or into Marin County when it appears to be in an unincorporated area.  For example, Almonte and Tam Valley are reported city/town names, but they are both in the more commonly known city of Mill Valley.  Lucas Valley translates to San Rafael, etc.  We hope that the translated city/town column will facilitate analysis.
SAIDI Electric Reliability Data 2014-2017
Monthly System Average Interruption Duration Index, or SAIDI, is a reliability indicator used by electric power utilities. It is the average outage duration, in minutes, experienced by each customer served. SAIDI is calculated as the sum of all customer interruption durations for each month divided by the total number of customers served during that month.
LC Summary Tables 12-05-2018
Lower Columbia AA summary table for 2018 SOS
Part D Prescriber State Summary Report, Calendar Year 2014
The Part D Prescriber State Summary Report, Calendar Year 2014 provides information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP). The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name. For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost. The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.
DOCENTES CONTRATO POR CATEGORÍA 2018-2
Categorías existentes de los docentes de contrato en la Universidad del Quindio para el periodo 2018-2
Concejales del Municipio de Cubarral Meta 2020 - 2023
Información oficial de cada uno de los concejales electos del municipio de Cubarral Meta, vigencia 2020 - 2023.
County of Los Angeles Estimated Population by Census Tract, City Name, Ethnicity, Gender & Age Group: CY 2016
Population with Census Tracts FIPS and City Names CY 2016.   Data Source: Population and Poverty Estimates, prepared by Hedderson Demographic Services and Los Angeles County Internal Services Department Social Services Division, 2017.
Homelessness Data
Dataset showing the number of people experiencing homelessness. This data includes people staying in emergency shelters and other programs serving those experiencing homelessness, as well as a head count of those identified as homeless in non-shelter locations on the night of the survey.
Total Income Parking Meter Data- September 2016
All Parking income for the City Of Evanston
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS043
Driver Feedback Sign DFS043  Latitude: 53.45592 Longitude: -113.52616  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
State of Iowa Budget Appropriations
This dataset provides information on budget appropriations in State of Iowa for each fiscal year starting in FY 2010. The data provides granular detail down to the budget organizational unit and and object class for the department request, the Governor's recommendation, the enacted budget, and the adopted budget.    The state fiscal year runs from July 1 to the following June 30 and is numbered for the calendar year in which it ends. The State of Iowa operates on a modified accrual basis which provides that encumbrances on June 30 must be paid within 60 days after year end. The Legislature may enact exceptions to this statute and usually do so for capital items which may run for several years.    Department names and budget units for FY 2010 - 2015 are based on names used in FY 2016.
Tourism Nova Scotia Visitor Exit Survey Alcohol Producers
Non-resident overnight visitors to Nova Scotia are asked if they or others in their travel party visited specific types of alcohol producers while visiting the province.
Local Government Expenditures By Category – Fiscal Year 2010
State, county, and municipal expenditures by spending category. Source: Local Government Finances Fiscal 2010 (Department of Legislative Services), via Overview of Maryland Local Governments Finances and Demographic Information (Department of Legislative Services, 2012. Link: http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/pubs/budgetfiscal/2012-local-government-finances-demographics.pdf)
Monthly counts of COVID-19 deaths, by region, age, and race and Hispanic origin
Deaths involving coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) by month of death, region, age, place of death, and race and Hispanic origin.
Citizen Connect Open Public Works Service Requests
This dataset shows Public Works Open Service Requests reported on or after January 1, 2016. This dataset is used to populate Citizen Connect page.
Uniform Crime Reporting System Offenses 2011
The Uniform Crime Reporting Program measures the extent, fluctuation and distribution of crime throughout the United States. After counting Crime Index offenses reported, minus any unfounded complaints, contributors provide the number of “actual offenses” and the number of crimes cleared. For a criminal offense to be “cleared,” either of the following situations must prevail: (1) at least one person is arrested, charged, and turned over to the court for prosecution; or (2) some element beyond police control precludes the physical arrest of the offender (e.g., death of offender, victim refuses to cooperate, confession by offender already in police custody), resulting in the offense being cleared by “exceptional means.” Contributing agencies also include data on the value of property stolen and recovered in connection with the reported offenses, plus specific information regarding homicides, officers assaulted and arson.
Port of Los Angeles - Emissions Reduction Percentage 2005 - 2012
This table reports emissions from Port operations in oxides of nitrogen (NOx), Oxides of Sulfur (SOx), and Diesel Particulate Matter (DPM); emissions impact health and quality of life in the Port-adjacent communities. Source: POLA Annual emissions inventory (for Port reductions)  Published historical data.  Live data is published online via: https://caap.airsis.com/HistoricalDetail.aspx
Council Districts
Five council districts with representative for each. There are also four At-Large Council Members not shown in this data.
IPS y EPS Municipio de Sogamoso
IPS y EPS Municipio de Sogamoso
Instituciones Educativas Beneficiadas con el Programa de Alimentacion Escolar
Listado de sedes beneficiadas por el programa de alimentación escolar asi mismo el numero de raciones alimenticias distribuidas en cada una de la sedes educativas.
LCR South South Knowledge Exchange Activities
Knowledge exchange involves activities connecting policy makers and development practitioners within and cross countries to learn from each other`s experiences for the purpose of identifying, customizing, replicating, and/or scaling up workable development solutions and policies. These activities can include workshops, dialogues, expert visits, peer consultations, study tours, and twinning arrangements
Aqueous Chemistry Data Minor Constituents Utah
This data set is a compilation of aqueous chemistry observations compiled by the Utah Geological Survey. This data set combines the aqueous well and springs observations for Utah.
Adoption & Child Custody Advocacy - Adoptive Parent Fingerprinting Data - 2008
When an individual or family wish to adopt, they must obtain fingerprint clearance. This Office is the pass through agency from the FBI, Illinois State Police and the courts.  The data represents the number of people fingerprinted by this office for the purposes of adoption in 2008.
Gun Offenders
Source:  BPD Gun Offender Registry databaseOpen Baltimore Persons convicted of at least one gun-related offense that are required to register their name and address with police; also required to checkin with police every 6 months for three years.
OD0055 Public School Locations
A map of all Public Schools Branch and Commission scolaire de langue française schools.
311 Service Requests for 2007
311 Service Requests for 2007. This is historical data and will not be updated.
Idea Collection for Youth Voice, Youth Choice Participatory Budgeting Program
List of ideas collected from community members on youth-based projects they would like the City to fund from the Participatory Budgeting fund of $700,000
SBIR Awards in Hawaii - Phase 1 - 2000 to 2013
Phase 1 SBIR Awards in State of Hawaii from 2000 to 2013
Energy Star Certified Homes
This dataset includes Energy Star certified homes from 2005 to 2015 in Missouri and Kansas.
Newsrack Inspections
Tracks complaints, inspections and reinspections of News racks and reports on the Inspection results.
DOCENTES CONTRATO POR FORMACIÓN 2018-2
Estudios realizados por los docentes de contrato de la Universidad del Quindio periodo 2018-2
Strategic Measure_S.B.1c_Crimes Against Society
The number of crimes against society by crime type in the city of Austin for 2019. Official numbers come from the FBI. It is used to calculate the crimes against society rate per 1,000 population  This dataset supports measure(s) S.B.1c of SD23. https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/uwxu-e5zh  Data Source: FBI  Calculation: (S.B.1c) Crime rate = Total crimes against society/(Austin 2019 population/1,000)  Measure Time Period: Annually (Calendar Year)  Automated: no  Date of last description update: 4/3/2020
Utah Unemployment Rate Table 5.1 1950-2016
This data set contains historical unemployment rates for Utah from 1950-2016.  This data represents Table 5.1 from the Economic Report to the Governor 2016.
Parks Shuttle Program Percentage of Survey Respondents Rating Quality of Bus Services Good or Better
PRKSH Measure K Performance
Summer Meal Program - All Summer Sites  - Contact and Program Participation Information - Program Period 2019
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> This dataset contains <b>contact and program participation information for all summer meal sites approved by TDA to operate during the 2019 program period.</b> Applications to participate in summer programs open on January 15 and close May 1. Changes in site information can occur through August. Summer meal programs operate mid-May through the end of August. <p>  An overview of <b>all summer meal program data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><i> <a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/52en-tt82 target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Summer Meal Programs</a> </b></i>page.<p>   An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br>  TDA aims to post new program year data by April 1 of the active program year. Due to the short duration of the summer meal programs, dataset updates will occur every two weeks until the end of August. <p>   All TDA datasets will have a final active update 90 days after the close of the program period. Datasets will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program period before becoming archived. <b>Any data posted during the active update schedule is subject to change.</b>  <b>New Data Fields Available!</b><br>  CE and site status (active/inactive), termination status, termination as of date, and CE application cycle (new/renewal) are now available on this dataset. These fields have been added to the last columns of the report and data descriptions have been added to the column metadata.<p>  <b>A detailed list of TDA Food and Nutrition datasets and data fields available on the Texas Open Data Portal can be downloaded as a PDF <a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/Portals/8/files/PIR/TDA%20Food%20and%20Nutrition%20Data%20Fields%20and%20Definitions.pdf target="_blank">here</a>.</b></i><p>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit us at <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">SquareMeals.org</a>.</b></i><br>
Bills Signed by Governor Brown 2019
Bills signed by Governor Kate Brown during the 2019 Legislative session.
2008 Veterans' Insurance Expenditure by State and County
<p>2008 Veteran life insurance expenditures by state and county.   Expenditures represented the actual disbursements from Insurance's Award and Inforce systems.</p>
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of November 2017.</p>
1463P_Prop Tax System Shared Costs
Performance measures dataset
Budget - Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Executive Recommendation - Summary By Object Classification
Executive Recommendation for the Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Department Line Item Budget. For more information on the budget and schedule of public hearings see http://www.cookcountyil.gov/budget/
Edmonton Air Quality - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the May Mixed Topic survey. Test link to view these questions: https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=310&t=1. Open from May 11 - 19, 2015. At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 2709 Insight Community Members. 1115 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 41%. A total of 1210 respondents completed the survey: 1115 Insight Community Members and 95 using the anonymous link which will have no demographic info.
Weekly Retail Gasoline and Diesel Prices - Rocky Mountain Area, 1992-2014
Weekly Gasoline Prices for the Rocky Mountain Region Compiled by the US Energy Information Administration
Neighborhoods Engaged to Prevent Obesity
Increase the number of neighborhoods/communities that have implemented at least one PSE strategy from five to eight by September 30, 2019.
Numero de homicidios según municipios. Años 1990 - 2017
Cantidad de homicidios que se han cometido en el departamento y por cada municipio entre 1990 al 2017
SWFSC FED Mid Water Trawl Juvenile Rockfish Survey, Surface Data, 1987-2015
SWFSC FED Mid Water Trawl Juvenile Rockfish Survey: Station Information and Surface Data. Surveys have been conducted along the central California coast in May/June  every year since 1983. In 2004 the survey area was expanded to cover the  entire coast from San Diego to Cape Mendocino. The survey samples a series  of fixed trawl stations using a midwater trawl. The midwater trawl survey  gear captures significant numbers of approximately 10 rockfish species during their pelagic juvenile stage (i.e., 50-150 days old), by which time annual reproductive success has been established. Catch-per-unit-effort data from the survey are analyzed and serve as the basis for predicting future  recruitment to rockfish fisheries. Results for several species (e.g.,  bocaccio, chilipepper [S. goodei], and widow rockfish [S. entomelas]) have shown that the survey data can be useful in predicting year-class strength in age-based stock assessments.
Quality PUF - PY2019
The Quality PUF contains 2018 quality ratings data for eligible Qualified Health Plans in PY2019 pilot states (MI, MT, NH, VA and WI).
Vision Zero Street Team - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many, from the February 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5tKHEJ44EOxCU3WV2dl88H?t=1    Open from February 13 - 20, 2018.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 7,131 Insight Community Members. 2,024 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 2,071 respondents completed the survey: 2,024 Insight Community Members and 7 from the call to action button on our webpage and 40 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
2013-2014 Class Size Report District Level Detail Final
Average class sizes for each school, by grade and program type (General Education, Self-Contained Special Education, Collaborative Team Teaching (CTT)) for grades K-9 (where grade 9 is not reported by subject area).
Real Property Transactions of Local Development Corporations
Public authorities are required by Section 2800 of Public Authorities Law to submit annual reports to the Authorities Budget Office that include real property transactions data.  The dataset consists of real property transactions reported by Local Development Corporations beginning with fiscal years ending in 2011. Authorities are required to report real property transactions having an estimated fair market of more than $15,000.
Cornerstone Award 2017
List of 2017 Cornerstone Awards created for Brooklyn residents with the longest residency in their block, building, or neighborhood. Cornerstone Awardees are nominated by their block/civic/tenant association.
Number of Life Insurance Policyholders by Program by State 2012/04/30
<p>Number of life insurance policyholders for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 04/30/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially-adapted housing.</p>
USA SPENDING C&P B105 SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE NOV2018
<p>VBA BENEFIT PROGRAM to provide educational opportunities to the dependents of certain disabled and deceased veterans. Spouses, surviving spouses, and children (including stepchild or adopted child) between age 18 and 26 of veterans who died from service-connected disabilities, of living veterans whose service-connected disabilities are considered permanently and totally disabling, of those who died from any cause while such service-connected disabilities were in existence, of servicepersons who have been listed for a total of more than 90 days as currently missing in action, or as currently prisoners of war, a service member who VA determines has a service connected permanent and total disability and at the time of VA's determination is a member of the Armed Forces who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient medical care, services, or treatment; and is likely to be discharged or released from service for this service-connected disability. Children under the age of 18 may be eligible under special circumstances.</p>
Los Angeles International Airport - Flight Operations By Month
Number of Flights That Occurred at the Airport
Test Data
This data is used to test ETL protocols using R.
Feed the Future Tanzania Mboga na Matunda Private Sector Survey 2019 - Module I Business Practices
This data asset contains data from the beneficiary based fiscal year 2019 annual results survey of private sector firms assisted by the Feed the Future Tanzania - Mboga na Matunda Project. The project works to improve the livelihoods of horticultural farmers in the regions of Iringa, Morogoro, Songwe, Mbeya, and Zanzibar, and strengthen the market system throughout the ZOI. The survey sample was developed using one level of stratification, firm type. Firms were selected from five different categories: Processor, Buyer, Local input supplier, Regional input supplier, Finance provider, and Other service provider. In total, 321 firms were surveyed. The data is split into modules. Module A captures basic identifying data on the firm. Module B captures information on the proprietors. Modules C, D, E, F, G and H capture data on sales of products and services. Module I captures information on business practices. Module J captures information on production costs. Module K captures information on access to finance.
Directorio de los principales Restaurantes del Departamento del Atlántico
Información básica de los principales restaurantes del Departamento del Atlántico.
puntos de atencion de las E.S.E
Puntos de atencicon de las distintas empresas sociales del estado asi como su numeros de contacto
APS 4.3 Services Provided: Reasons by Demographics and Region FY2010-2019
APS may provide or arrange for emergency services to alleviate or prevent further abuse, neglect, or financial exploitation.  APS works in partnership with other social service agencies to provide resources to vulnerable adults.  These services may be provided through collaboration with other state agencies or community organizations.  DFPS may use Purchased Client Services funds and may enter into contracts to provide services to clients.  All other available resources must be used where feasible before purchased client services are initiated.  After the victim's immediate safety is assured and investigation is completed, APS may remain involved for a short period to stabilize a low-risk situation.  In other cases, victims with more complex problems or deemed at moderate or high risk of further maltreatment or self-neglect may receive more intensive services or assistance for a longer period of time.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs.
Superior Court, Pending Cases per Month
This dataset contains a monthly record of how many cases each judge had pending at the end of the month, as well as the average number of pending cases among judges. The average pending is calculated by group, so the average for non-complex is different than the average among the judges handling complex criminal cases. There is one data point for the number of cases pending on the last day of each previous month, starting 2019-01-01, and a datapoint for the current number of pending cases.
FY2013 MSDE School Participation Indicators - All Schools
2012-2013 All Schools - Mobility, attendance and drop-out rates. Percentage of students meeting University System of Maryland entrance requirements, and grade 12 graduation documented decisions.
Child Care Providers Listing Current Monthly Facility County Human Services
This list contains each open certified Child Care facility in Pennsylvania before COVID-19. Review the data and map below with most up to date information about which facilities are open during COVID-19. This report will be updated on a monthly basis.  DISCLAIMER: OCDEL is not representing that this information is current or accurate beyond the day it was posted. OCDEL shall not be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information. 
KCMO 2013 ACS 5-year estimates Education Census Data
2013 ACS 5-year estimates for Education Attainment for population over 25 years organized by census tract. Included in this data are all census tracts that are included in the boundaries of KCMO, even if no KCMO citizens lived in that tract when the data was gathered. All data was gathered on the U.S. Census Bureau's website: http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t# Table ID: B15003
Feed the Future Rwanda Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence, Women's File
Feed the Future Rwanda Interim Survey in the Zone of Influence: This dataset is an individual-level dataset with the data for all women age 15-49 with a completed interview captured in Module H of the questionnaire (n=1,155, vars=31).
King County Health Reform Indicators
Health reporting area (HRA) and zip code-level indicators for monitoring the impact of the Affordable Care Act in King County, WA. Topic areas range from access to care to population health. Imported to Socrata to allow data to be pulled as JSON from SODA to feed into Leaflet.js-based maps on an external site.
Report Card Enrollment 2015-16 School Year
This file includes Report Card enrollment data from 2015-16 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level and includes counts of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information.
Amador County
The principal amounts, sale dates, interest rates, terms, purposes, ratings, costs of issuance, financing team participants, issuance documents, and annual reporting (if applicable), among 67 other data points required under California Government Code section 8855, of the various types of debt issued by all local government agencies in Amador County.
Public School Enrollment by County and Grade 2017-2018 Education
2017-2018 enrollments for all publicly funded schools in Pennsylvania as reported by school districts, area vocational-technical schools, charter schools, intermediate units, and state operated educational facilities. Local education agencies were asked to report those students who were enrolled and attending as of October 1, 2017.  County and Statewide Totals Notes:	  Statewide and county totals include counts of students attending education classes on a full-time basis outside their parents' district of residence. This data was obtained from the Bureau of Special Education (PENNDATA 2017).	   Intermediate Unit and CTC Part-day enrollments are excluded from county and state totals.	  Statewide and county totals are unique counts of students being educated by public Local Education Agencies. LEA and School level reports may not sum to the County and Statewide totals.	  Source: Pennsylvania Information Management System (PIMS)  Notes regarding County Totals:  Enrollment for School Districts, Charter Schools, State Juvenile Correctional Institutions and Comprehensive CTCs are included.  Enrollments for Occupational CTCs and IUs are not included.  Counts of students attending education classes on a full-time basis outside their parents' district of residence are included. This data was obtained from the Bureau of Special Education (PENNDATA 2017).	  Morning and afternoon detail for Half day grades is not available in PENN Data. Therefore, PKH equals the sum of PKA and PKP enrollment, K4H equals the sum of K4A and K4P enrollment, and K5H equals the sum of K5A and K5P enrollment.  County totals are unique counts of students being educated by public Local Education Agencies. LEA and School level reports may not sum to the County total.
Vendor Payments Calendar Year 2017
A data set of payments made to vendors in 2017. Updated weekly. Checkbook level data. When analyzing this data be aware that the sum amount and voucher are unique amounts, the payment amount is the total of a check. A check often includes more than one voucher.   As a result of the Red Flag Commission recommendations, Ordinance 970032 was passed by the City Council Jan. 23, 1997. This ordinance requires the city to publish a report every two weeks listing all city payments.
INVENTARIO DE BIENES DE INTERÉS CULTURAL DEL DEPARTAMENTO DE BOYACÁ
Con este inventario se pretende dar a conocer los proyectos de desarrollados y por desarrollar de restauración, consolidación e intervención de carácter arquitectónico y estructural y los proyectos de carácter cultural y cívico que inviten a la comunidad a interesarse por cada uno de los bienes inmuebles de interés cultural dentro del departamento de Boyacá    Es importante para nosotros sus sugerencias, por favor ingresar en el siguiente enlace para registrar su idea, solicitud, comentario o compartir el uso dado a los conjuntos de datos abiertos publicados. http://www.boyaca.gov.co/datosabiertos/
Atractivos Turísticos Cultural y Arquitectónico del Departamento del Atlántico
Información de los principales atractivos turísticos cultural y arquitectónico del Departamento del Atlántico.
NYC Greenthumb Community Gardens
Listing of NYC Greenthumb community gardens
DSNY Zones
Shape file of DSNY Zone boundaries.
Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan: Section 6
In the process of migrating data to the current DDL platform, datasets with a large number of variables required splitting into multiple spreadsheets.  They should be reassembled by the user to understand the data fully. This is the sixth spreadsheet of six in the Using Leaf-level Hyperspectral Reflectance Data to Analyze Genetic Gain in CIMMYT Maize Hybrids, Leaf Level Reflectance Data in a Water Stressed Environment in Tlaltizapan.
Housing Types
Percentage of housing types by census tract. Data from ACS
PLN_DRUG_FRMLRY [test]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_DRUG_FRMLRY [test], released on 2020-10-06.
Timberland Regional Library Circulation by Audience
This dataset reports on physical materials borrowed for the Timberland Regional Library District, a five-county rural library district serving Thurston, Lewis, Mason, Pacific, and Grays Harbor counties. It includes a count of items by each library location, year, and month, and target audience, from 2011 to the present.
City overall spending by Department FY2010 to FY2014
City overall spending by Department, FY2010 to FY2014.  Note that 2013 and 2014 do not tie to the City budget due to budgeted transfers to the rainy day fund being excluded from this analysis.
JAC URBANAS POR COMUNAS
Juntas acción comunal Urbanas por comunas
Feed The Future Rwanda Baseline Household Survey, Household Data
The Rwanda Population-Based Survey (PBS) provides a comprehensive assessment of the current status of agriculture and food security in almost the entire country, including all four provinces and all of rural Rwanda.  This dataset is a household-level file with records for each sampled household with a completed interview.
Hospital ACS Measures
These "Outcome of Care Surgical Measures" show whether hospitals differ in what happens to patients after they have one of three types of surgeries.
Historical Agenda Item Dataset (2004 - 2019)
Agenda items from council meetings and committees of council meetings from 2004 to 2019. The dataset includes, agenda items, agenda item descriptions, and, if applicable, zoning case numbers, sponsors, and districts impacted.
1970-1979 Building Permit Listing
listing of building permits for new construction, demolition and additions/alterations/repairs and their characteristics
River Routes
Polylines subset of the "Hydro-Centerlines" dataset including the major rivers and some streams with routing added so mileposts could be calculated when no physical river milepost was available (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbswm_river_routes.html). Please read metadata for additional information. Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
157- FY19 Proposed, Performance Metric Obj 1.2
Office of Homeland Performance Metrics Objective 1.2- Increase the percentage of 9-1-1 calls answered within 10 seconds.FY 2019 Proposed Budget
Población Asignada para el Periodo Junio de 2019
Número total de usuarios asignados para la atención durante el mes de junio de 2019.
Computer Aided Dispatch Entries 2015- DEPRECATED
***This dataset has been deprecated. Cambridge now maintains a single Computer Aided Dispatch open dataset that includes data from multiple years, including 2015.    The Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) Entries data set reflects information approved for general release by the Cambridge Police Department and the Cambridge Fire Department. All entries are inputted by dispatchers in the Emergency Communications Center (ECC). This data set does not reflect all events received by the ECC. Certain entries are not included due to concerns related to privacy, criminal investigation, or protected data. Additionally, not all entries reflect a dispatched response and some data may reflect a duplicate entry for a specific incident. This dataset does not include any first responder calls related to emergency medical services (EMS), and does not contain all police or fire entries.
[ARCHIVED] Taxfiler Data Summary of Personal Income Tax by Economic Region
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports income, taxes and tax yields as reported on tax filings, by age and sex. Geography available: economic regions
San Andreas M7.8 Earthquake Scenario
This represents projected ground shaking in the City and County of San Francisco during a M7.8 earthquake on the San Andreas fault. The map updated in 2013 by USGS and ABAG. The specific scenario is: M7.8 San Andreas (All Northern Sections). This was used for the 2019 HCR update process.  For Visualization: ≤ 5.5 = Light ≤ 6.5 = Moderate ≤ 7.5 = Strong ≤ 8.5 = Very Strong ≤ 9.5 = Violent
CDC PRAMStat Data for 2006
2006. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). PRAMS, the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System, is a surveillance system collecting state-specific, population-based data on maternal attitudes and experiences before, during, and shortly after pregnancy. It is a collaborative project of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and state health departments. PRAMS provides data for state health officials to use to improve the health of mothers and infants. PRAMS topics include abuse, alcohol use, contraception, breastfeeding, mental health, morbidity, obesity, preconception health, pregnancy history, prenatal-care, sleep behavior, smoke exposure, stress, tobacco use, WIC, Medicaid, infant health, and unintended pregnancy. Data will be updated annually as it becomes available.
CONSOLIDADO DE CONTRATACION MES DE MAYO
AQUI SE ENCUENTRA EL CONSOLIDADO DE LA CONTRATACION DEL DEPARTAMENTO DEL QUINDIO EN EL MES DE MAYO
YourMoney Combined Revenue
This represents the combined revenue of both agencies and authorities. It is summarized at a high level due to inconsistencies in accounting systems. Additional information is in the attached dataset summary PDF (available on the [About] tab under "Attachments".).
City-Owned Land Inventory
Note, 8/11/2020: Please see http://dev.cityofchicago.org/open%20data/data%20portal/2020/08/11/city-owned-property.html for information about changes to this dataset. -- Property currently or historically owned and managed by the City of Chicago. Information provided in the database, or on the City’s website generally, should not be used as a substitute for title research, title evidence, title insurance, real estate tax exemption or payment status, environmental or geotechnical due diligence, or as a substitute for legal, accounting, real estate, business, tax or other professional advice. The City assumes no liability for any damages or loss of any kind that might arise from the reliance upon, use of, misuse of, or the inability to use the database or the City’s web site and the materials contained on the website. The City also assumes no liability for improper or incorrect use of materials or information contained on its website. All materials that appear in the database or on the City’s web site are distributed and transmitted "as is," without warranties of any kind, either express or implied as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information, and subject to the terms and conditions stated in this disclaimer.
2019 Census - Population by Gender (Neighbourhood/Ward)
All Census information is as of April 1, 2019. No data on any individual residence will be released. To protect the privacy of individuals, data is compiled and presented at the city, ward and neighbourhood level only. Neighbourhood results with a population under 50 are not posted to protect the information collected. Responses are voluntary consequently response rates vary among questions, neighbourhoods and wards.  Census data has been collected and made available within the guidelines outlined in Policy C520C.  https://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/documents/PoliciesDirectives/C520C.pdf
Northeast Economic Add-On I5 Data 1994
Revealed preference models provide insights into recreational angler behavior and the economic value of recreational fishing trips. Revealed preference data is typically collected by intercept and/or phone follow up calls. Typical variables include length of the trip (day or overnight), household income, whether or not angler took time off of work, and primary purpose of overall trip. Sometimes trip expenditures are included as well.  Intercept data collected from anglers at fishing sites as an economic add-on to the Marine Recreational Fisheries Statistical Survey (MRFSS) for the Northeast.
TAGRO Potting Soil Outlets
Locations in the greater Tacoma area where TAGRO potting soil is sold.
Overall satisfaction rated good or better for all VRS services
Overall satisfaction rated good or better for all VRS services. Human Services Agency performance measure 7330P ID 315.
MEASURE-BiH: Survey of Judges and Prosecutors 2017 Dataset
The Survey of Judges and Prosecutors in BiH is one of the components used to calculate the Judicial Effectiveness Index of Bosnia and Herzegovina (JEI-BiH), a groundbreaking tool for monitoring and evaluating judicial performance. This survey collects data from BiH judges and Prosecutors' Offices on professional opinions and attitudes towards the direction and effectiveness of the country's judicial sector.
Social Distancing: Citywide Ambassador Data
During the Covid-19 response, the Mayors Office of Operations worked with several city agencies to deploy Interagency Ambassadors across NYC parks to educate patrons on social distancing. This dataset contains encounters and non-encounters during deployment recorded by these Interagency Ambassadors.  Data Dictionary:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ofOI4WqlXfrRAqEdNDA15QFmKJTMjTXlwcG5uyxZybg/edit?usp=sharing
USA SPENDING CH39 B100 AUTOMOBILE AND ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT ALLOWANCE FEB2019
<p>VBA PROGRAM BENEFITS for Automobiles and Adaptive Equipment for Certain Disabled Veterans and Members of the Armed Forces. Veterans with honorable service and servicepersons on duty having a service-connected disability due to loss or permanent loss of use of one or both feet, one or both hands, or a permanent impairment of vision of both eyes to a prescribed degree. For adaptive equipment only, eligibility also exists if there is service-connected ankylosis of one or both knees or one or both hips. Personnel on active duty also qualify under the same criteria as veterans. Uses &amp; Use Restrictions:  Assistance toward purchase of an automobile or other conveyance is a one-time payment only. Necessary adaptive equipment may be furnished, repaired, replaced, or reinstalled on a conveyance which may be purchased with assistance or any other conveyance subsequently or previously acquired. Adaptive equipment will be provided for no more than two conveyances during any four-year period unless one of those two vehicles becomes unavailable to the veteran.</p>
REGISTRO  DE  ACTIVOS  DE  INFORMACIÓN
INVENTARIO DE LA INFORMACION PUBLICA DE LA RED DE SALUD DEL NORTE
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of November 2017.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of November 2017.</p>
2017 - 2018 Avg Class Size Borough MSHS
2017 - 2018 Avg Class Size Borough MSHS
Oregon Opioid Treatment Programs
Medication-Assisted Treatment and Recovery Programs in Oregon
2018 For Hire Vehicles Trip Data
The For-Hire Vehicle (“FHV”) trip records include fields capturing the dispatching base license number and the pick-up date, time, and taxi zone location ID (shape file below). These records are generated from the FHV Trip Record submissions made by bases. Note: The TLC publishes base trip record data as submitted by the bases, and we cannot guarantee or confirm their accuracy or completeness. Therefore, this may not represent the total amount of trips dispatched by all TLC-licensed bases. The TLC performs routine reviews of the records and takes enforcement actions when necessary to ensure, to the extent possible, complete and accurate information.    For more information please refer to http://www.nyc.gov/html/tlc/html/about/trip_record_data.shtml
Governor Gary Herbert Budget Recommendations By Agency All Sources of Funding 2017
This data set contains Operating and Capital Budgets, Including Expendable Special Revenue Funds and Accounts, and Restricted Fund Transfers. This data only inlcudes appropriations from the General Fund and the Education Fund ‐ the Uniform School Fund is included under the Education Fund.  Table 3.
Pay Stay parking restrictions
This dataset contains detailed daily information on parking restrictions in each Pay Stay zone. There can be multiple restrictions per Pay Stay zone per day.    This data can be linked to both the street segment Pay Stay zone dataset.  https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Pay-stay-zones-linked-to-street-segments/7q9g-yyvg  and also the sign plate Pay Stay zone dataset  https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Sign-plates-located-in-each-pay-stay-zone/wwkr-v8s7  The datasets can be joined on Pay Stay zone.    For further information on Pay Stay https://www.paystay.com.au/
Inscritos por sede 2019-1
Inscritos por sede para el periodo 2019-1
Niveles Medios Absolutos Mensuales
Volumen de niveles medios absolutos mensuales, obtenido en la red de estaciones hidrológicas de la Corporación Autónoma Regional de Cundinamarca - CAR.
Asset Inventory
This dataset is a complete inventory of all assets on this site and any assets sourced from other sites, if applicable.
Maryland Average Household Size Projections: 1970-2045
Historical and Projected Household Size for Maryland and its Jurisdictions: 1970 - 2045. Prepared by the Maryland Department of Planning, October 2018.
SHA Districts by County
This dataset shows the boundaries of the State Highway Administration's (SHA's) seven regions.
Comisaria De Familia Audiencias De Conciliación Ley 640 De 2001
PERSONAS QUE ASISTEN A AUDIENCIAS
San Mateo County Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) and Fuel Consumption 2011-2040
Projected data on VMTs, number of vehicles, fuel consumption, and fuel economy from 2011 to 2040. Source: Caltrans (MVSTAFF)
[ARCHIVED] Census Long Form Visible Minorities (age+gend)
<b>[ARCHIVED]</b> Community Counts data is retained for archival purposes only, such as research, reference and record-keeping. This data has not been maintained or updated.  Users looking for the latest information should refer to Statistics Canada’s Census Program (https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/index-eng.cfm?MM=1) for the latest data, including detailed results about Nova Scotia.  This table reports visible minorities as identified by respondents, by age and sex. This data is sourced from the Census of Population (long form).  Geographies available: provinces, counties, communities, municipalities, district health authorities, community health boards, economic regions, police districts, school boards, municipal electoral districts, provincial electoral districts, federal electoral districts, regional development authorities, watersheds
Street Segment and Intersection (CNN) Change Log
A list of Street Segment and Intersection (CNN) changes including new, dropped, realigned, divided and split records.
November 2019 General Election Night Precinct Results
Precinct level results as of election night for the November 5, 2019 generalelection.
Granjas (Listado de Expediente Saneados)
Granjas (Listado de Expediente Saneados)
Drainage - Network Structures
GPS'd storm water point features in unincorporated Pierce County that manage a volume of water for flow control or treatment, such as a detention vault, vault mechanical filter, etc. Includes public and private features except where private gates prevent access. Please read metadata (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpubw_swnetworkstructure.html) for additional information.  Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Amtrak Real Estate Properties in Oppurtunity Zones - Industrial, Office and Commercial
This data set shows Amtrak industrial, office, and commercial real estate in opportunity zones
NOAA - Percent of U.S. and territories surveyed to improve vertical reference system for modernized height/elevation data
This measure tracks cumulative progress of NOAA’s National Geodetic Survey toward completing gravity observations for the Redefinition of the American Vertical Datum (GRAV-D) initiative and implementation of a new National Vertical Datum. The measure indicates the percentage of the U.S. for which NOAA has airborne gravity data necessary to support the new National Vertical Datum. This improved vertical reference system is critical for all observing systems and activities requiring accurate heights. For example, this system is important for helping determine where water flows in order to make accurate inundation models and assessments.
Hospital Inpatient Potentially Preventable Readmission (PPR) Rates by Hospital (SPARCS): Beginning 2009
The dataset contains Potentially Preventable Readmission observed, expected, and risk adjusted rates by hospital for all payer beneficiaries beginning in 2009.
Puntos Vive Digital
Nombre de los puntos vive digital del Municipio de Monterrey
CorStat - Fire Response Time Detail (Fire/Special Ops)
Detailed summary of the City of Corona's Fire Department response times. Data is pulled directly from the Fire Department record management system.  This system is updated real-time by dispatch and file personnel in the field. Important Notice: The City of Corona Fire and Police Department recently implemented a new Public Safety software solution. Due to this change, the data displayed on this dashboard is current up to 07/08/2019. We appreciate your patience as we work to correct this issue.<br> <b>Update Frequency:</b> Daily <br> <b>Data Disclaimer:</b> The City Of Corona (“Corona”) provides data available on this website as a service to the public. The data provided by Corona is based on historical data, information directly provided by Corona, information directly provided by Corona contractors and in some cases, information acquired during physical inspections. Corona does not guarantee the accuracy of this data and assumes no liability for any errors. The data shall be used for the sole purpose of providing the public with information regarding this program and not for any commercial, legal or other use. Corona assumes no liability for any decisions made or action taken or not taken by anyone using data provided from this website. Corona reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate at any time the display of this data.
Arrest Data from 2020 to Present
This dataset reflects arrest incidents in the City of Los Angeles from 2020 to present. This data is transcribed from original arrest reports that are typed on paper and therefore there may be some inaccuracies within the data. Some location fields with missing data are noted as (0.0000°, 0.0000°). Address fields are only provided to the nearest hundred block in order to maintain privacy. This data is as accurate as the data in the database. Please note questions or concerns in the comments.
Water Point Data Exchange Complete Dataset
The Water Point Data Exchange (WPDx) is the global platform for sharing water point data. The WPDx data standard was designed by a wide range of stakeholders from across sectors and around the world. The core attributes included in the Water Point Data Exchange are already being collected by governments, researchers, and organizations around the world. To read more about the standard or to contribute water point data visit www.waterpointdata.org.
HR Performance Evaluations Aggregated
Dataset aggregates the number of Executive Branch employees receiving an annual performance evaluation.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Mexico, 2006 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Mexico as part of its 2006 round of surveys.   The 2006 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and ITAM.
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE MAYO 2018
EJECUCIÓN PPTO GASTOS VIGENCIA AL 31 DE MAYO 2018 AGENCIA NACIONAL DE INFRAESTRUCTURA
Inventario de activos de información de la ETITC
La Escuela Tecnológica Instituto Técnico Central (ETITC) publica el Registro de Activos de Información, el cual consta de un inventario de la información pública que la Entidad genere, obtenga, adquiera, transforme o controle en su calidad de tal.
Evolución de la Matrícula Total por Sector
Este conjunto de datos presenta la evolución de la matricula total por sector (Oficial, contratada oficial, contratada privada, no oficial) entre los años 2010 y 2019**  **: Dato parcial. Fuente: Coordinación de educación.
Grain Price Spreads
A "spread" can have multiple meanings, but it generally implies a difference between two comparable measures. These can be differences across space, across time, or across anything with a similar attribute. For example, in the stock market, there is a spread between the highest price a buyer is willing to pay and the lowest price a seller is willing to accept.  In this dataset, spread refers to differences in prices between two locations, an origin (e.g., Illinois, Iowa, etc.) and a destination (e.g., Louisiana Gulf, Pacific Northwest, etc.). Mathematically, it is the destination price minus the origin price.  Price spreads are closely linked to transportation. They tend to reflect the costs of moving goods from one point to another, all else constant. Fluctuations in spreads can change the flow of goods (where it may be more profitable to ship to a different location), as well as indicate changes in transportation availability (e.g., disruptions). For more information on how price spreads are linked to transportation, see the story, "Grain Prices, Basis, and Transportation" (https://agtransport.usda.gov/stories/s/sjmk-tkh6).  This is one of three companion datasets. The other two are grain prices (https://agtransport.usda.gov/d/g92w-8cn7) and grain basis (https://agtransport.usda.gov/d/v85y-3hep). These datasets are separate, because the coverage lengths differ and missing values are removed (e.g., there needs to be a cash price and a futures price to have a basis price, and there needs to be both an origin and a destination to have a price spread).  The origin and destination prices come from the grain prices dataset.
Fiscal Year 2017 Preliminary Budget - Fiscal Year 2017 Projected Revenue
Projected revenues for Fiscal Year 2017. This data was released as part of the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Preliminary Forecast. For more information see https://www.cookcountyil.gov/Budget
2012 and 2015 AIAN Insurance By IHS Access, Sex And Medicaid
2012 and 2015 data by Insurance, IHS access, sex, and medicaid coverage
MNCH Workers Knowledge Test
GH Pro conducted an endline evaluation of USAID’s Maternal Child Survival Program (MCSP-MNCH)1 to assess if it had achieved its objectives and planned outputs, as stated in its program description, in Nigeria’s Ebonyi and Kogi states. Five questions evaluated increases in access and utilization of reproductive, maternal, newborn, and child health interventions; gender-transformative strategies; sustainability; the program’s learning agenda vis-à-vis the Nigerian government’s learning needs; and use of program data.  The evaluation team used a retrospective analytic and a cross-sectional design to address the five questions, and mixed methods were used for data collection, including reviews of the national District Health Information System (DHIS) 2, MCSP-MNCH datasets, and 51 program documents.  Apparent improvements were noted in the utilization of six interventions: oxytocin, partograph, Chlorhexidine 4% gel, newborn resuscitation, essential newborn care, and integrated Community Case Management, particularly with referral of danger signs. MCSP-MNCH baseline data was not available nor calculable for magnesium sulphate or Kangaroo Mother Care. Data was also not available for postpartum family planning for first-time parents and Bubble Continuous Positive Airway Pressure for newborn resuscitation, as a study was undergoing analysis and data was not ready. Furthermore, the dataset MCSP-MNCH provided to the evaluation team was incomplete, imprecise, and contained errors, raising concerns about noted improvements.  The program’s work in male engagement and Mothers Savings and Loans Clubs hold promise for transforming gender norms but reached too few people. Most of the program’s reproductive health and MNCH interventions are likely to be included in budgets in Ebonyi and Kogi through the World Bank’s Saving One Million Lives project, but without specific commitment from the states’ governors, funding release may be jeopardized. The learning agenda helped inform implementation, but the government did not help shape the research. Last, MCSP-MNCH project created a new DHIS database instance for its project data only, including new indicators that it introduced (like application of Chlorhexidine 4% gel for newborn cord care), as well as indicators that were already available in the national DHIS 2 database; it is housed within the same server as the national DHIS 2.
Motor Vehicle Occupant Death Rate, by Age and Gender, 2012 & 2014, HHS Region 1 - Boston
Rate of deaths by age/gender (per 100,000 population) for motor vehicle occupants killed in crashes, 2012 & 2014. 2012 Source: Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). 2014 Source: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS), 2014 Annual Report File Note: Blank cells indicate data are suppressed. Fatality rates based on fewer than 20 deaths are suppressed.
NYCHA Resident Jobs Programs and Training
Job preparation or training programs
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of May 2019.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of May 2019.</p>
Medicare State HCPCS Aggregate Summary Table CY2017
The Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File (Physician and Other Supplier PUF) provides information on services and procedures provided to Medicare beneficiaries by physicians and other healthcare professionals. The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2017 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
Cifras vacunación 2016
A continuación encontrara las estadísticas de vacunacion, para lo que va corrido del año 2016
Post-Katrina Damage Assessment
Post-Katrina damage assessment conducted by City inspectors, published by address with breakdown by category. These data formerly supported the "Damage Assessment Wizard" web tool. Also see attachment 'DA_Categories' for insight as to how damage was assessed.
Cantidad de maestros por nivel y género 2012-13
Datos: STAFF-SIE, para determinar el nivel en donde se encuentra el maestro ofreciendo servicio, se utilizó el nivel de la escuela a la que pertenece.
Contratos de Exploración y Producción de Hidrocarburos - Costa Afuera
​​La cadena del sector hidrocarburos corresponde al conjunto de actividades económicas relacionadas con la exploración, producción, transporte, refinación o procesamiento y comercialización de los recursos naturales no renovables conocidos como hidrocarburos (material orgánico compuesto principalmente por hidrógeno y carbono), dicho conjunto también está conformado por la regulación y administración de estas actividades.
Campaign Finance - Summary Of Third Party Disclosure Forms Regarding San Francisco Candidates in Certain Contests
This dataset is manually compiled from third party disclosure forms affecting candidates in publicly financed contests.  San Francisco Campaign and Governmental Conduct Code ("S.F. C&GC Code") sections 1.143(c), 1.152(a)(3), 1.161(b), 1.161.5, and 1.160.5 require persons who make any independent expenditure, electioneering communication, or member communication that clearly identifies a candidate for City elective office or who authorizes, administers or pays for a persuasion poll to file disclosure statements with the Ethics Commission. For detailed instructions, please see Third Party Disclosure Form Regarding Candidates.
FH_SOCRATA
Current Year Fire Incidents. Updated on a nightly basis. For more information on the inci_typ codes select the about tab and scroll down to the attachments and open the PDF document
Park And Ride - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the February 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1553&as=IU7G0le3YZ&t=1    Open from February 14 - 21, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6578 Insight Community Members. 2020 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 31%. A total of 2075 respondents completed the survey: 2020 Insight Community Members and 55 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Instituciones Educativas Publicas del Municipio de Restrepo Valle del Cauca
A continuación se en lista las Sedes educativas del Municipio de Restrepo Valle del Cauca
Muertes transporte, casos y tasas 2018
Muertes transporte, casos y tasas 2018
Homeowners Comparison
One key analytical tool used by the City Council and City staff is a comparison of the average costs incurred by homeowners in several cities throughout the Valley. The average charges for the current fiscal year for various cities are compared with the average costs for the current fiscal year in the City of  Mesa. While some neighboring municipalities have a different resource mix than Mesa, bringing them all together allows for comparison to ensure that Mesa remains an affordable place to live, work and play. Sources include applicable Tax Year Limited Property Value, Maricopa County Assessor's Office, and Maricopa County Tax Levy and Rates page.   The Average Homeowner’s Annual Cost Comparison Notes:  • The City of Mesa and the Town of Gilbert are the only municipalities that do not have a primary  property tax. All other revenue sources exist in all municipalities.  • Estimated city sales taxes paid is based on average household expenditures from the Bureau of Labor  and Statistics Consumer Expenditure Survey applied to each city’s sales tax rate. Some cities have  different rates for different taxable items. Mesa does not collect sales tax on the sale of food for  consumption at home.  • Comparisons are determined using a standard service level for all cities.  • Standard solid waste charges are for twice per week garbage (and recyclables where applicable)  collection using 90 gallon barrels. Solid Waste residential charges include a Green and Clean fee for  Mesa.  • Other city’s environmental fees are included as applicable.  • Charges are based on FY 16/17 annual average usage of 8,900 water gallons per month, ranging from  6,000 in winter to 12,000 in summer.  • Wastewater charges are based on the average consumption of water during the winter months.  SEE ATTACHMENT FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Shared Urban Mobility Device (SUMD) Parking Compliance - Gotcha
This dataset provides information for oversight of parking compliance and SUMD distribution for Gotcha's vehicle fleet. Updated approximately every 5 minutes.
Brain Cancer
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Registro de Activos de información
Información disponible en la Alcaldía Municipal de Zona Bananera Departamento del Magdalena
Gobernadores de Cabildos 2018
Listado de Gobernadores de los Cabildos Indigenas del Municipio de Natagaima Tolima 2018.
CapMetro APC (RAW) - January 2019
This Capital Metro Automatic Passenger Counter (APC) Ridership data set is unprocessed, pure, raw, flaws and all straight from our Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) system. Capital Metro, in partnership with a third-party vendor, applies a process that reviews the data to determine the validity and flags various elements to ensure final reported data has any bad elements excluded. Utilizing this data without applying your own methods to remove errors WILL NOT produce results corresponding to the published Ridership Reports.  https://www.capmetro.org/facts/#!  Field Descriptions: apc_date_time 'apc_date_time' is a date field describing the date on which the vehicle data was collected. The date comes from the System Date in the Data Logging files.  day_type_vs 'day_type_vs' is an identification number for both the day of the week and the schedule number for that day for vehicle schedules. It matches the id field in the day_type_vs table.  vehicle_id 'vehicle_id' is a numeric key which identifies the vehicle that was picking up and dropping off passengers. The valid range is 1 to 65,535. This is a soft key to the 'vehicle' table.  route_id 'route_id' is a foreign key field to the route table. Valid “route_id” are numbers between 1 and 65,535. Combined with the 'block_id' field, it is the primary key of the 'block' table. This is a static field defined upon record creation.  block_id 'block_id' is the block identification number assigned that uniquely defines a particular route/block combination. A block usually identifies a unique schedule from other blocks upon a common primary route. Valid values for the “block_id” are between 1 and 999,999. Combined with the 'route_id' field, it is the primary key of the 'block' table.  current_route_id The 'current_route_id' is the trip route for a specified entry.  direction_code_id 'direction_code_id' is a primary key field that identifies the route direction associated with the route path. Combined with the 'route_id' and 'variation' fields, it defines a unique path for route directions. It is obtained by consulting the apattern_id reported by the vehicle against the apattern table. It is also a software foreign key to the 'direction_codes' table.  variation 'variation' is a primary key field that differentiates a route path from others on the same route and direction. Combined with the 'route_id' and 'direction_code_id' fields, it defines a unique path for route directions. It is obtained by consulting the apattern_id reported by the vehicle against the apattern table.  start_trip_time 'start_trip_time' is a timestamp that equals the scheduled time associated to the first timepoint of the trip. The date portion of the timestamp is not used.  actual_sequence 'actual_sequence' is the numeric ordering of door events/logons/trips collected in the vehicle data logging files. This is the actual sequence, not the scheduled sequence of bus stops as in the 'bus_stop_pattern' table.  bs_id 'bs_id' is the bus stop identification number assigned to a particular geographical bus stop within a service region. It may be matched against bs_id field in the bus_stop_data table, along with other items, to acquire detailed information about a stop.  import_error 'import_error' is a software foreign key to the 'apc_error_types' table. The 'apc_error_types' table describes the types of errors, if any, detected in correlating this door event.  garage_id 'garage_id' is the division assigned to this route/block.  transit_date_time 'transit_date_time' is the day of the month associated to the schedule being used on the vehicle. For a given date/time, the transit day would be the same day or the day before. The transit day will be the day before in the early morning time periods.  run_id 'run_id' is the run number that the target is logged onto. If the vehicle is logged off, this will be zero.  operator_id 'operator_id' is the driver logged on when the APC data was collected. If the vehicle is logged off this will b
Aspirantes, Admitidos, Matriculados Primer Semestre - 2018 - UPTC
Se encuentra la totalidad de los aspirantes admitidos y estudiantes matriculados.
Preguntas Frecuentes - FAQ
Conjunto de datos que contiene las las preguntas frecuentes acerca de Datos Abiertos
Active Position Information Current Month
Active position information for the City of Greensboro. The dataset contains position current status, position title, and mid-range pay for the position.
USA SPENDING EDUCATION CH31 B116 VETERANS PROSTHETIC APPLIANCES MAY2019
<p>VBA EDUCATION PROGRAMS to provide, through purchase and/or fabrication, prosthetic and related appliances, equipment and services to eligible veterans so that they may live and work as productive citizens. Veterans eligible for prosthetic services are service-connected veterans seeking care for a service-connected disability; veterans with compensable service-connected disabilities generally rated 10 percent or more; former prisoners of war, veterans discharged or released from active military service for a disability that was incurred or aggravated in the line of duty, and veterans who are in receipt of Section 1151 benefits; veterans who are in receipt of increased pension based on a need of regular aid and attendance or by reason of being permanently housebound; veterans who have annual income and net worth below the "means test" threshold; all other veterans who are not required to pay a copayment for their care, i.e., veterans of the Mexican border period and World War I, compensated zero (0) percent service-connected veterans who are receiving statutory awards, veterans exposed to a toxic substance, radiation or environmental hazard (limited to certain disabilities); and veterans who must pay a copayment for their care. Ineligible veterans are nonservice-connected veterans residing or sojourning in foreign lands.</p>
RESULTADOS DE PARTICIPACION EN LOS JUEGOS NACIONALES Y PARANACIONALES 2019 DEL DEPARTAMENTO DEL CAUCA
Resultados de la participación del departamento del Cauca en los Juegos Nacionales 2019.
State's Attorney Felony Cases - Disposition Outcomes
The disposition data presented in this data reflects the culmination of the fact-finding process that leads to the resolution of a case. Included in this data set are the defendant counts by disposition and year.
Stolen Vehicles SLC 2013
Stolen Vehicles SLC 2013
Planes de contingencia aprobados
Base de datos de los Planes de contingencia para el transporte de sustancias peligrosas en el Departamento del Meta
Child And Adult Care Food Program Total Cash Payments By State 2010-2014
Child And Adult Care Food Program Total Cash Payments By State 2010-2014
Proceso Fortalecimiento A Participación En Garantía De Derechos Para Niños Y Niñas En El Valle Del Cauca
Proceso Fortalecimiento A Participación En Garantía De Derechos Para Niños Y Niñas En El Valle Del Cauca
TAX 12-2012 LIQUID FUEL RATE SCHEDULE
SCHEDULE OF TAX RATES PER GALLON				 (Effective July 1, 2010)				 (Fuel Tax rates in cents per gallon)
PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE EGRESO ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA AÑO 2014
ESTE CONJUNTO DE DATOS MUESTRA EL PORCENTAJE DE LAS PRINCIPALES CAUSAS DE EGRESO DE LA ESE HOSPITAL SAN RAFAEL TUNJA AÑO DURANTE EL AÑO 2014
Marine Phytoplankton Grouped by Size Class
<p>This dataset contains phytoplankton samples collected from Puget Sound and analyzed using a particle imaging analyzer (FlowCAM®). For more information see the King County <a href="https://green2.kingcounty.gov/marine/Monitoring/Phytoplankton" > marine phytoplankton</a> webpage. </p> <p>This specific dataset summarizes phytoplankton abundance and biovolume data summarized by size classes. Additional datasets summarize abundance and biovolume data by:</p> <p>•	 <a href="https://data.kingcounty.gov/Environment-Waste-Management/Phytoplankton-Grouped-by-Sample-and-Size-Class/qah3-t5yd" >Sample By Size Class (each sample size class in one line)</a></p> <p>•	 <a href="https://data.kingcounty.gov/dataset/Phytoplankton-Grouped-by-Sample-and-General-Functi/ddc7-9f23" >Sample by Generic Functional Group</a></p> <p>•	 <a href="https://data.kingcounty.gov/dataset/Phytoplankton-Grouped-by-Sample-and-Specific-Funct/xyty-wq8n" >Sample by Specific Functional Group</a></p> <p>•	 <a href="https://data.kingcounty.gov/Environment-Waste-Management/Marine-Phytoplankton-Samples-by-Taxonomic-Group/uydm-m3ym" >Sample by Taxonomic Group</a></p> <p>For locator information, see the <a href="https://data.kingcounty.gov/dataset/WLRD-Sites/wbhs-bbzf">WLRD Water Quality Collection Sites</a> dataset.</p> <p>For corresponding water quality data matched by Grab ID see the <a href="https://data.kingcounty.gov/Environment-Waste-Management/Water-Quality/vwmt-pvjw">Water Quality</a> dataset.</p>
Calgary Police Service Office Locations
Locations of Calgary Police Service offices
OPD Response To Resistance
Any time an Officer must respond to resistance or aggression by using certain levels of force, it is recorded and investigated by the Orlando Police Department in a Response to Resistance report. This data set comes from those reports, which are entered into OPD’s records management system. Officer involved shooting data is maintained separately by Internal Affairs and is not included in this data set.    The first three fields provide basic information about the incident  Incident Number - Automatically assigned at the time the incident; is created in OPD records management system. First four characters indicate the year the incident was created in the system.  Incident Date Time - Day and time of the incident  Incident Location - Block level address or intersection of the location    The next seven fields provide information about the officer(s) involved in the incident.  Officers Involved - The number of officers involved in the entire incident  Officers Race - Race of the officers involved, multiple officers separated by comma (W = White, A = Asian, B = Black)  Officers Ethnicity - Ethnicity of the officers involved, multiple officers separated by comma (NH = Non-hispanic, HI = Hispanic)  Officers Sex - Sex of the officers involved, multiple officers separated by comma (M = Male, F = Female)  Officer Battered - Did the officer report being battered during the incident  Officer Injured - Did the officer report being injured during the incident  Officer Medical Treatment - Did any of the officers receive medical treatment for injuries sustained during the incident    The next eight fields reference what responses to resistance any officer may have used during the incident. A “Yes” indicates at least one officer used that tactic. A “No” indicates no officers used that tactic.  Electronic Device Used -  Commonly referred to as a Taser. This device uses propelled wires or direct contact to conduct energy to affect the sensory and motor functions of the nervous system.  Chemical Agent Used - Chemical Agent, or Pepper Spray, may cause burning and tearing of the eyes, and disorientation.  Tackle/ Take Down – Tactic used   to gain compliance by taking  a person to the ground  Impact Weapon Used - Impact weapon is most commonly a baton. OPD also has a weapon called a Sage SL6 which launches rubber projectiles.   Physical Strikes Made -  . Strikes made with the hand, forearm, knee, or foot to assist with controlling a person.  Deflation Device Used - Tire deflation devices - commonly known as "stop sticks". The use of this device is intended to deflate a vehicle’s tire(s).  K9 Unit Involved - A Response to Resistance is required if a K9 bites a subject.    The next seven fields provide information about the offender(s) involved in the incident. Race and ethnicity may be unknown. OPD policy is that officers not ask for information on race or ethnicity if it’s not related to the police encounter.  Offenders Involved - Number of offenders involved in the entire incident  Offenders Race - Race of the offenders involved, multiple offenders separated by comma (W = White, A = Asian, B = Black)  Offenders Ethnicity - Ethnicity of the offenders involved, multiple offenders separated by comma (NH = Non-hispanic, HI = Hispanic)  Offenders Sex - Sex of the offenders involved, multiple offenders separated by comma (M = Male, F = Female)  Offender Arrested - Was the offender arrested during the incident (Not Arrested = Offender was not arrested during the incident, Misdemeanor = Offender was arrested for a misdemeanor, Felony = Offender was arrested for a Felony)  Offender Injured - Did the offenders report being injured during the incident  Offender Medical Treatment - Did any of the offenders receive medical treatment for injuries sustained during the incident    Witnesses Involved - Count of the number of witnesses indicated in the report  Status - This is an information only field to designate if the City was able to map the Incident Location
Statewide Coho and Chinook Commercial and Recreational Harvest 10-04-2018
Provides Chinook and Coho commercial and recreational harvest numbers for tribal and non-tribal fisheries in Washington, 1973 to 2018.
Secured Party Information in Colorado
This dataset includes Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) financing statements, effective financing statements (EFS), and liens. Fields in this dataset include action type, record status and secured party name and address. This data set is provided by the Colorado Department of State (CDOS).
YourMoney Property Tax Data
Best way to search the dataset - use box at the top right of page. This data reflects New Jersey's Property Taxes that are assessed on an annual basis by the local assessor then submitted to their county board of taxation. This data contains the collection of those lists filed in January of each new calendar year. Any changes, like ownership transfer, that occur after that date will not be reflected in this file.
Informe PQRSD recibidas periodo 2019 Santa Rosa De Cabal
Informe de peticiones, quejas, reclamos, sugerencias o denuncias en el periodo comprendido entre enero a diciembre del 2019 en Santa Rosa de Cabal, por dependencia administrativa.
Expenditures: ESD: Columbia Gorge: Fiscal Year 2014
ESD Expenditures for Columbia Gorge during Fiscal Year 2014.
Open Payments for Developers
This dataset contains information on APIs provided by openpaymentsdata.cms.gov. APIs are for developers and systems integrators to bring Open Payments data into their visualizations, tools, and systems of choice.
INVENTARIO GENERAL DE ALUMBRADO PUBLICO SANTIAGO DE CALI - JULIO-2017
inventario de tipos luminarias instaladas en el alumbrado público de la ciudad de Santiago de Cali
NNDSS - TABLE 1HH. Streptococcal toxic shock syndrome to Syphilis, Primary and Secondary
NNDSS - TABLE 1HH. Streptococcal toxic shock syndrome to Syphilis, Primary and Secondary - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Proved Reserves Of Natural Gas By State T4.1 2008
Proved Reserves Of Natural Gas By State T4.1 2008
2007 walleye pollock larvae condition
2007 Bering Sea walleye pollock larvae condition data set. Larvae collected 8- 14 May 2007. Condition of larvae (healthy or unhealthy) was determined using the model described in Porter, S.M., and K.M. Bailey. 2011. Assessing the condition of walleye pollock Theragra chalcogramma (Pallas) larvae using muscle-based flow cytometric cell cycle analysis. J. Exp. Mar. Biol. Ecol. 399:101-109.
Limited Entry Deer Hunt Harvest 2012
Limited Entry Deer Hunt Harvest 2012
Matricula de estudiantes por sector y nivel
Es la evolución de la matricula por sector(pre y jardín, transición, primaria, secundaria, media, básica), y nivel(Oficial, Contratada Oficial, Contratada Privada, no oficial)  de la ciudad de Pereira desde el año 2010 hasta el año 2019.
Percent of families who exit the MVP for Families program into permanent housing
Percent of families who exit the MVP for Families program into permanent housing. HSAL5 Measure K
Sockeye Fish Tags in the Columbia and Snake River Basins
InPort Dataset ID: 18582 InPort Entity ID: 36789 This table contains information about tagged fish and their release information for sockeye salmon in the Columbia and Snake River basins.
Daily Ozone Amounts Utah 2000
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Ozone) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
YourMoney Agency Expenditures
The data file reflects data for a budget fiscal year as a cumulatively fiscal year-to-date total. For ease of reporting and to facilitate understanding of the data, the expenditures are categorized by department/agency, expenditure description, organization, statewide program, funding category, expenditure category, and payee. Note that the 12 accounting months begin in July and run sequentially through the 12th period which stays open for both calendar months June and July of the following year. A 13th period closing/adjustment period remains open for a period of time for final entries in preparation of the State's CAFR reporting. Additional information is in the attached dataset summary PDF (available on the [About] tab under "Attachments").
Provider of Services File - CLIA - March 2013
The POS file consists of two data files, one for CLIA labs and one for 18 other provider types.  The file names are CLIA and OTHER. If downloading the file, note it is fairly large (125MB in CSV).  The POS Extract is created from the QIES (Quality Improvement Evaluation System) database. These data include provider number, name, and address and characterize the participating institutional providers. The data are collected through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Regional Offices. The file contains an individual record for each Medicare-approved provider and is updated quarterly. For a list of provider types, layout files, and how to order previous annual files, please see the Source Link in the About tab.    Two data issues in the CLIA POS file have been resolved as of the 2nd Quarter 2016 file. The data issues occurred in CLIA POS files starting with the 2nd Quarter 2011 file through 1st quarter 2016.    Data Issue 1: Incorrect Certificate Data  Certificate data in the CLIA POS file should always come from the lab's current effective certificate. Due to a sorting issue, certificate data from a lab's pending or historical certificates were used and the lab's current effective certificate data was not used.    Fields   SHORT DESCRIPTION               LEN START END TYPE  Application Type Code           1   475   475 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of CLIA certificate applied for by a laboratory.  SAS Name: APLCTN_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: APLCTN-TYPE-CD    CLIA Certificate Effective Date 8   478   485 DATE  Description: Start date of the certificate.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_EFCTV_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-EFCTV-DT    CLIA Certificate Mailed Date    8   486   493 DATE  Description: Date the certificate was generated for mailing.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_MAIL_DT  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-MAIL-DT    CLIA Certificate Type Code      1   494   494 VARCHAR2  Description: Type of certificate issued to the laboratory, based on  the application type code.  SAS Name: CRTFCT_TYPE_CD  COBOL Name: CRTFCT-TYPE-CD    CLIA Termination Code           2   529   530 VARCHAR2  Description: Identifies a laboratory's active or terminated status.  If terminated, identifies the reason.  SAS Name: CLIA_TRMNTN_CD  COBOL Name: CLIA-TRMNTN-CD      Data Issue 2: Labs Never Certified Included in POS  CLIA providers that have never paid nor received a CLIA certificate should not be included in CLIA POS.
Grupos Investigación
Listado con los grupos de investigación vigentes
Copy Of Life Expectancy By Zip Coce KCMO 2008-2012
This data set contains the average life expectancy of Kansas City residents by zip code. Data provided by the Kansas City Health Department
Report Card Student Access To Educators Content Area 2018-19 School Year
This file includes Report Card data on Student Access to Educators by Student Group and race/ethnicity, by content area for the 2018-19 school year. Data is disaggregated by school, district, and the state level. Student access rates to teachers by teacher qualification and by course content area are provided for student groups and characteristics and by student race/ethnicity. Teacher qualifications included are: Inexperienced, experienced, limited-certificated, fully-certificated, out-of-field, and in-field. Please review the notes below for more information.
Licensed Automobile Dealers And Repairers
Listing of licensed automobile dealers and repairers, updated nightly. Many Dealer and Repairer licenses are issued in a business name but the facility may be doing business in another name (have a DBA = Doing-Business-As).  For example, XYZ Corporation may be doing business as Joe’s Garage. The address of Joe’s Garage will be on the list but the license will be in the XYZ Corporation name.
Tablero De Control - Educación 2017
Tablero De Control de metas para el cuatrienio - Educación 2017
POBLACIÓN VULNERABLE AFILIADA AL SGSSS
Fuente: Secretaría de salud municipal
DOCENTES PLANTA CARGOS 2018-2
Cargos desempeñados por los docentes de planta de la Universidad del Quindio en el periodo 2018-2
On-street Car Parking Sensor Data - 2015
The City of Melbourne has installed in-ground parking bay sensors in most CBD parking bays. These sensors record when a vehicle arrives and when it departs. Each record also includes the parking restriction for the bay and whether the vehicle has overstayed that restriction. This is the data for the 2015 calendar year.    Known data issues:     1. There are 453,178 records that have the text ‘OLD’ at the end of the restriction in the field named ‘Sign’. This has been investigated and determined the text refers to one of two things, either:     · At the time of the parking event the restriction that has been captured is correct but when the data was extracted from the server (July 2017) the restriction had since changed.     · (Or) The particular sensor has since been replaced.     2. There are a number of records that have a negative value in the duration in field ‘seconds’. This occurs due to a sensor detecting an arrival time being after the departure time.     3. There are a number of records where the arrival and departure times have not been recorded. If the time has not been recorded the time is calculated from midnight of the arrival day to either midnight of the departure day or to the departure time.     Data that is excluded:     In the 2015 car parking event data there are 4,138 records where the parking event goes into 2016 and ends at midnight.
Consejo Territorial de Planeación
Integrantes del Consejo Territorial de Planeación por cada sector
2013 Residential Assessment
Residential Property Assessment details for 2013 and 2010
Imagine Austin Indicators
This dataset contains the results of the Imagine Austin indicators.     Results, descriptions, data sources, and methodology are subject to change.     The complete results of the Imagine Austin indicators including an analysis of the results and visualizations are available as part of the Imagine Austin indicator dashboard and Imagine Austin Year 5 Progress Report.
Dispositions
The disposition data presented in this data reflects the culmination of the fact-finding process that leads to the resolution of a case. Each row represents a charge that has been disposed of.  Please use this link for more instructions and data glossary:  https://www.cookcountystatesattorney.org/resources/how-read-data
Estados Financieros de Entidades Solidarias a OCTUBRE de 2014
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Octubre de 2014 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Strategic Measure_Sidewalk Segment Data
This dataset shows detailed data for sidewalk network segments within the full purpose jurisdiction of the City of Austin.  It includes constructed ('Existing') and planned ('Absent') sidewalk segments for the network as described in the Sidewalk Master Plan adopted by the Austin City Council in June 2016.  Data in this dataset may change in the future following sidewalk plan updates, which may change the composition of the planned sidewalk network.  This dataset supports two SD23 performance measures:  M.C.6a and HE.C.5.  Data showing calendar year construction can be found in the dataset Strategic Measure_Aggregated Sidewalk Construction Data.
Timely and Effective Care - State
Timely and Effective Care measures - provider data. This data set includes state-level data for measures of cataract surgery outcome, colonoscopy follow-up, heart attack care, emergency department care, preventive care, pregnancy and delivery care, and cancer care.
SF Development Pipeline 2015 Q3
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Department of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Project & Permit Tracking System, processed quarterly.
Part D Prescriber National Summary Report, Calendar Year 2014
The Part D Prescriber National Summary Report, Calendar Year 2014 provides information on prescription drugs prescribed by individual physicians and other health care providers and paid for under the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program. The Part D Prescriber PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse, which contains Prescription Drug Event records submitted by Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug (MAPD) plans and by stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (PDP). The dataset identifies providers by their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and the specific prescriptions that were dispensed at their direction, listed by brand name (if applicable) and generic name. For each prescriber and drug, the dataset includes the total number of prescriptions that were dispensed, which include original prescriptions and any refills, and the total drug cost. The total drug cost includes the ingredient cost of the medication, dispensing fees, sales tax, and any applicable administration fees and is based on the amount paid by the Part D plan, Medicare beneficiary, government subsidies, and any other third-party payers.
Auditor's Office Contact Center Metrics
Call Center stats are pulled from Contact Center monthly report.
Boundaries - Special Service Areas (Deprecated May 2019) - Tabular View
OUTDATED. See the current data at https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/kjav-iyuj -- Special Service Areas (SSA) boundaries in Chicago. The Special Service Area program is a mechanism used to fund expanded services and programs through a localized property tax levy within contiguous industrial, commercial and residential areas. The enhanced services and programs are in addition to services and programs currently provided through the city. SSA-funded projects could include, but are not limited to, security services, area marketing and advertising assistance, promotional activities such as parades and festivals, or any variety of small scale capital improvements that could be supported through a modest property tax levy. The data can be viewed on the Chicago Data Portal with a web browser. However, to view or use the files outside of a web browser, you will need to use compression software and special GIS software, such as ESRI ArcGIS (shapefile) or Google Earth (KML or KMZ).
JUNTAS DE ACCIÓN COMUNAL MUNICIPIO DE SUSA
Juntas de acción comunal, datos de Presidentes de cada Junta
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Reported Service Units by Month of Elderly Abuse and Crime Prevention Contracted Providers
Reported Units of Service by Month of registered and contracted agencies providing Elderly Abuse and Crime Prevention Services.
INDICE DE INFORMACIÓN RESERVADA Y/O CLASIFICADA
INDICE DE INFORMACION RESERVADA Y/O CLASIFICADA DE LA CORPORACION AUTONOMA REGIONAL DE LA FRONTERA NORORIENTAL
Reclamaciones Técnicas de Agua Potable 2017
REPORTE CON NÚMERO DE RECLAMACIONES TÉCNICAS MENSUALES DE AGUA POTABLE
Sitios - Atractivos Turísticos Municipio de Quípama
Información referente a los atractivos turísticos del municipio de Quípama.
LC-CUNY- Service-Corp-2014-ID
Lehman College CUNY Service Corp 2014 Participants
Educational Attainment of Washington Population by Age, Race/Ethnicity/, and PUMA Region
The American Community Survey (ACS) is designed to estimate the characteristic distribution of populations* and estimated counts should only be used to calculate percentages. They do not represent the actual population counts or totals. Beginning in 2019, the Washington Student Achievement Council (WSAC) has measured educational attainment for the Roadmap Progress Report using one-year American Community Survey (ACS) data from the United States Census Bureau. These public microdata represents the most current data, but it is limited to areas with larger populations leading to some multi-county regions**.   *The American Community Survey is not the official source of population counts. It is designed to show the characteristics of the nation's population and should not be used as actual population counts or housing totals for the nation, states or counties.  The official population count — including population by age, sex, race and Hispanic origin — comes from the once-a-decade census, supplemented by annual population estimates (which do not typically contain educational attainment variables) from the following groups and surveys:     -- Washington State Office of Financial Management (OFM):        https://www.ofm.wa.gov/washington-data-research/population-demographics   -- US Census Decennial Census: https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html and Population Estimates Program: https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest.html  **In prior years, WSAC used both the five-year and three-year (now discontinued) data. While the 5-year estimates provide a larger sample, they are not recommended for year to year trends and also are released later than the one-year files.   Detailed information about the ACS at https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/guidance.html
Smarter Students Stronger Families
Data feeding into the ChattaData Smarter Students Stronger Families goals.
Nighttime Power Runups
A power runup is a procedure used to test an aircraft engine or aircraft system after maintenance is completed.  This is done to ensure safe and normal operating standards prior to returning aircraft to service.  High power runups performed by aircraft operators are monitored to manage noise.
Census - Number of principal economic indicators released on time
Ensuring that data products are released on schedule is essential. OMB Statistical Directive Number 3 requires that the data for the principal economic indicators be released within prescribed time periods.
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS OFICIALES
INSTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS OFICIALES DEL MUNICIPIO DE CHINCHINÁ (CALDAS)
Prostate Cancer 2005-2009
The ZIP Code lists show the number of people who developed the specific type of cancer while living in the ZIP Code area between 2005 and 2009. The lists also show the number of people who might have been expected to get cancer in that time period, based on the size of the population of the ZIP Code. See http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/cancer/registry/zipcode/faq.htm for more info
2014 General Election Precinct-Level Results
2014 Colorado General Election results by precinct
Consolidated Statement of Operations: Expenses
A selection of FIR Data
Plantas y centros de acopio de leche
plantas y centros de acopio de leche en Risaralda
Universidades y entidades en el Departamento de Risaralda
Universidades y entidades en el Departamento de Risaralda
Fixed Speed Cameras
Motorists who drive aggressively and exceed the posted speed limit by at least 12 miles per hour will receive $40 citations in the mail. These citations are not reported to insurance companies and no license points are assigned. Notification signs will be placed at all speed enforcement locations so that motorists will be aware that they are approaching a speed check zone. The goal of the program is to make the streets of Baltimore safer for everyone by changing aggressive driving behavior. In addition to the eight portable speed enforcement units, the city has retrofitted 50 red light camera locations with the automated speed enforcement technology.
PRR 9545 - Street Sweeping 2013 - 2015 05.08.2015
PRR 9545
String Config
Dataset created for budgetMontgomery purposes
COVID-19 Designated Active Transportation Route Counts
This dataset comprises pedestrian and cyclist counts collected by the City of Winnipeg on the nine roadways that were designated as daytime active transportation routes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
RESUMEN PQRS SALUD CORTE A DICIEMBRE 2018 CHAPARRAL TOLIMA
Resumen PQRS de Salud correspondientes al Municipio de Chaparral Tolima con corte a Diciembre 2018
County Click 311 - Service Requests
Service Requests for the year 2013 tot he present for Charles County
Listado de Propiedades Horizontales del Municipio de Bucaramanga
Listado de Propiedades Horizontales registradas en Municipio de Bucaramanga
Animal Licenses
Active Animal Licenses (Cat, Dog & Service Animal)
Trámites publicados SUIT
Listado trámites realizados en la alcadía de Tuta Boyacá y registrados en el SUIT
Spending Information for FY 2013
This dataset allows you to view information about government spending. Disclosure of payments is based on the legislative requirements of CB-19-2011 which can be accessed via https://princegeorgescountymd.legistar.com/Legislation.aspx, which is an effort to provide enhanced transparency and convenient public access to this information. Certain expenditures are subject to review on a case-by-case basis to ensure that confidential or privileged material is maintained in accordance with legal requirements. As such, these expenditures may not appear on this website.    Unaudited data is updated quarterly for all payees with combined spending of $25,000 or more. When cumulative payee spending exceeds $25,000 threshold, all payments made during the Fiscal Year will be reported. Datasets, current and up to seven prior fiscal periods, will be available for your search by Fiscal Year. The following information will be displayed: Payee Name, County Agency Name, Payee Zip Code, Amount and Payment Description. Website options include: sorting, exporting data, creating graphs, and customizing your display format - among other features. There is an online tutorial.    If you have any questions or comments about this citizen portal site, please send an email at any time to: CountyClick311@co.pg.md.us, or call 3-1-1 (301-883-4748), Monday - Friday, 7am - 7pm, and a Customer Service Representative will be glad to assist you.
AFSC/RACE/FBEP/Copeman: Effect of temperature and tissue type on fatty acid signatures of two species of North Pacific juvenile gadids: A laboratory feeding study
This dataset is from a laboratory study that investigated the effect of temperature and tissue type on fatty acid signatures of Pacific cod and walleye pollock.
Licencias urbanísticas de Sabaneta
Mapa de licencias urbanísticas asignadas (nuevas o con otras actuaciones) por barrios y veredas del municipio de Sabaneta.  Licencia urbanística: Es la autorización previa para adelantar obras de urbanización y parcelación de predios, de construcción y demolición de edificaciones, de intervención y ocupación del espacio público, y para realizar el loteo o subdivisión de predios, expedida por el curador urbano o la autoridad municipal competente, en cumplimiento de las normas urbanísticas y de edificación adoptadas en el Plan de Ordenamiento Territorial, en los instrumentos que lo desarrollen o complementen, en los planes Especiales de Manejo y Protección (PEMP) y en las leyes y demás disposiciones que expida el Gobierno Nacional.  La expedición de la licencia urbanística implica la certificación del cumplimiento de las normas y demás reglamentaciones en que se fundamenta y conlleva la autorización específica sobre uso y aprovechamiento del suelo.  Fuente: Decreto 1077 de 2015 Años información: 2017 y 2018.
Department for the Aging (DFTA) Services by Geriatric Mental Health Contracted Providers
Summary of DFTA Geriatric Mental Health Contracts Budgeted Service Units by Service.
Nearshore N and C Isotopes 20112012
InPort Dataset ID: 18607 InPort Entity ID: 36832 Natural abundance levels of N and C isotopes measured in riparian plants, saltmarsh plants, suspended particulate organic matter, marine alga and Pacific Oysters in the Samish, Dosewallips, and Hamma River estuaries. Objective was to quantify the relative contribution of terrestrial, estuarine and marine C and N supporting commercial oyster populations and how this relationship varied across three river basins.
California Income Tax Expenditures - Actual Cost 2006 And Beyond
This dataset presents the actual revenue cost beginning with 2006 for many of the tax expenditures found in California income tax law. Amounts are in millions.
120 - FY 2019 Proposed, Performance Metrics, Obj 2.1
BOLC Performance Metrics Objective 2.1- Percentage of establishments with compliant tax accounts with the State of Maryland and the Prince George’s County Government., FY 2019 Proposed Budget
INSPECCIONES, VEREDAS Y BARRIOS DEL MUNICIPIO
Aquí encentraremos todas las inspecciones, veredas y Barrio de Nuestro Municipio
E- ZPass Usage Statistics: Beginning 2008
This data set contains the number and percentage of vehicles that used E-ZPass or Cash by year by plaza on the NYS Thruway beginning in 2008.
2010-2011 School Closure Discharge Reporting Discharge Code
In June 2011, fifteen  New York City public schools closed for poor performance.  This report provides data regarding students enrolled in these schools during the 2010-2011 school year, according to the guidelines set by local law 2011/043.
FICHA DE SEGUIMIENTO BANCO DE PROYECTOS DE INVERSIÓN MUNICIPAL DE LA PAZ - VIGENCIA 2020
FICHA DE SEGUIMIENTO BANCO DE PROYECTOS DE INVERSIÓN MUNICIPAL DE LA PAZ - SANTANDER
150- FY19 Proposed Performance Metrics, Obj. 1.2
Property crime reduction.
311 Service Requests - Current Year
Public Service Requests submitted via 311 in the current year. A dataset containing Service Requests from 2012 to present is available here: https://data.calgary.ca/Services-and-Amenities/311-Service-Requests/iahh-g8bj   For more information on 311 Calgary, or to submit a request, visit http://www.calgary.ca/CFOD/CSC/Pages/311.aspx
Council on Open Data: Meeting Content March 2018
Council on Open Data Meeting documents including meeting agenda, sign-in sheet, presentation, and minutes.
DOP Adult Probationers Rearrested As A Percentage Of NYPD Arrest Report (Monthly Average)
The percentage of adult probationer arrests relative to all arrests recorded by the Police Department during the reporting period.
Reclamaciones Apique Agua Potable 2019
REPORTE CON EL NÚMERO DE RECLAMOS MENSUALES DE APIQUE DE AGUA
Superservicios-Información del Concurso Económico - Energía
Información del Concurso Económico
Tasa Repitencia  nivel Secundaria
Base de datos que contiene porcentaje  de repitentes níveles secundaria, años 2011-2017
División Política y Administrativa del Municipio de Candelaria Valle
Se pone a disposición la información sobre las división política de la cabecera y zonas de corregimientos y veredas del Municipio.
SECA Grant Awards 2010-2018
Special Events Cultural Amenities (SECA) grant awards from fiscal year 2010 through calendar year 2018. The mission of the Special Events Cultural Amenities (SECA) Grant Program is to create opportunities to provide social events and artistic experiences for Naperville and its visitors.
CPS 2.4 Children In Legal Responsibility On August 31 By Region With Demographics  FY2010-2019
Children in DFPS custody are those for whom a court has appointed DFPS legal responsibility through temporary or permanent managing conservatorship or other court ordered legal basis. This chart includes any child in DFPS custody on August 31 of the fiscal year.   A description of the different types of legal statuses is in the CPS glossary: http://www.dfps.state.tx.us/About_DFPS/Data_Book/Child_Protective_Services/Resources/glossary.asp  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs
Electronic Government Portal Advisory Board Meetings
Dates, agendas, minutes, and handouts of the E-Government Portal Advisory Board meetings. The board was formed by Oregon Revised Statute 276A.273  http://www.oregon.gov/eapb
Orden de prestación de servicios por tipo de contratación 2019-1
Tipo de contratación para las OPS periodo 2019-1
Transit Average Year-to-Date Ridership
Average year-to-date SamTrans ridership data. Includes counts for SamTrans bus, paratransit, CalTrain, Shuttles, and the BART extension without the Daly City stop. SamTrans year-to-date data is reported in fiscal years that begin June 1 and end July 31 the next calendar year. This data is from 2011 to the present.
Nursing Home Quality Initiative: Beginning 2012
The New York State Nursing Home Quality Initiative (NHQI) is an annual evaluation and ranking of eligible Medicaid-certified nursing homes in New York State. Nursing homes are evaluated on their performance in three components: Quality, Compliance, and Efficiency. Nursing homes are awarded points for their performance in each measure and ranked into overall quintiles, the first quintile containing the best performing homes.
PAGO SERVICIO ALUMBRADO MUNICIPIO DE CHIA
ALUMBRADO
NTIA - Create a pipeline of spectrum for mission-critical government services and commercial providers
Create and institutionalize enduring processes that foster full, efficient, and effective use of radio spectrum and result in a pipeline that provides sufficient spectrum access opportunities to meet the increasing needs of the Federal Government, State and Local entities providing mission critical services, as well as commercial wireless services. The required ongoing analyses combined with various possible band-repurposing options results in a new set of deliverables each fiscal year. NTIA will establish at the beginning of each fiscal year the set of expected deliverables to complete this complex project.
Impact Of Drug Court Participant Program
Open Michigan (OpenMichigan@michigan.gov) is the official State of Michigan account.  Any items created by other user accounts are not endorsed by the State of Michigan.
2015-2016 Physical Education - PE Instruction - District Level
Background, Methodology:     Local Law 102 enacted in 2015 requires the Department of Education of the New York City School District to submit to the Council an annual report concerning physical education for the prior school year.      This report provides information about average frequency and average total minutes per week of physical education as defined in Local Law 102 as reported through the 2015-2016 STARS database. It is important to note that schools self-report their scheduling information in STARS. The report also includes information regarding the number and ratio of certified physical education instructors and designated physical education instructional space.      This report consists of six tabs:      1.    PE Instruction Borough-Level  2.    PE Instruction District-Level  3.    PE Instruction School-Level  4.    Certified PE Teachers  5.    PE Space  6. Supplemental Programs      1. PE Instruction Borough-Level    This tab includes the average frequency and average total minutes per week of physical education by borough, disaggregated by grade, race and ethnicity, gender, special education status and English language learner status. This report only includes students who were enrolled in the same school across all academic terms in the 2015-16 school year. Data on students with disabilities and English language learners are as of the end of the 2015-16 school year. Data on adaptive PE is based on individualized education programs (IEP) finalized on or before 05/31/2016.      2. PE Instruction District-Level    This tab includes the average frequency and average total minutes per week of physical education by district, disaggregated by grade, race and ethnicity, gender, special education status and English language learner status. This report only includes students who were enrolled in the same school across all academic terms in the 2015-16 school year. Data on students with disabilities and English language learners are as of the end of the 2015-16 school year. Data on adaptive PE is based on individualized education programs (IEP) finalized on or before 05/31/2016.      3. PE Instruction School-Level    This tab includes the average frequency and average total minutes per week of physical education by school, disaggregated by grade, race and ethnicity, gender, special education status and English language learner status. This report only includes students who were enrolled in the same school across all academic terms in the 2015-16 school year. Data on students with disabilities and English language learners are as of the end of the 2015-16 school year. Data on adaptive PE is based on individualized education programs (IEP) finalized on or before 05/31/2016.      4. Certified PE Teachers    This tab provides the number of designated full-time and part-time physical education certified instructors. Does not include elementary, early childhood and K-8 physical education teachers that provide physical education instruction under a common branches license. Also includes ratio of full time instructors teaching in a physical education license to students by school. Data reported is for the 2015-2016 school year as of 10/31/2015.      5. PE Space    This tab provides information on all designated indoor, outdoor and off-site spaces used by the school for physical education as reported through the Principal Annual Space Survey and the Outdoor Yard Report. It is important to note that information on each room category is self-reported by principals, and principals determine how each room is classified. Data captures if the PE space is co-located, used by another school or used for another purpose. Includes gyms, athletic fields, auxiliary exercise spaces, dance rooms, field houses, multipurpose spaces, outdoor yards, off-site locations, playrooms, swimming pools and weight rooms as designated PE Space.      6. Supplemental Programs    This tab provides information on the department's supplemental physical education
Citywide Land Cover
This is a composite land cover layer created from multiple City data sources and compiled into a single seamless land cover layer in 2015. The final land cover layer was checked against the City of Calgary’s 2014 air photo at a minimum of 1:4000. Missing and/or overlapping areas were resolved manually and City parks were reviewed at 1:1000 resolution. The land cover dataset informs several City analyses, including a Habitat Condition Rating model to assess natural area park health and a structural wildlife connectivity model, where land cover resistance values act as the difficulty rankings for terrestrial wildlife movement. The dataset can also be used in analyses of open/park space contiguity.    Export geospatial file as <a href="https://data.calgary.ca/api/geospatial/as2i-6z3n?method=export&format=GeoJSON">GeoJSON</a> or <a href="https://data.calgary.ca/api/geospatial/as2i-6z3n?method=export&format=Shapefile">Shapefile</a>.
RUTAS DE TRANSPORTE  MPIO. DE  MALAMBO
A continuación encontraras las empresas de transporte publico que prestan servicio en el Municipio de Malambo y sus respectivas rutas.
Superservicios-Información de Calidad - itad
Información de Calidad - Formato9
Transferencia Recursos Por Concepto De Estampilla Adulto Mayor Para Los  Centros Protección Y Centros Vida Día 2017
este conjunto de datos contiene información de las transferencias por concepto de estampillas adulto mayor para los centros de protección  y centros vida día en el departamento del valle del cauca en el año 2017
Over Dimensional Vehicle Permits (ODVP)
The Over Dimensional Vehicle Permit (ODVP) is a web application used by trucking companies to apply for Daily Permits for over dimensional vehicles.  Main permit record, one row per permit.   For Permit Stipulation dataset, please follow <a href="https://data.cityofnewyork.us/dataset/dbo-PMO_ODVP_PermitStipulations/t9iz-i583">this link</a>.
Contracts: ESD: Wallowa: Fiscal Year 2013
Contracts for Wallowa ESD for Fiscal Year 2013
Población Estudiantil Básica Secundaria del Municipio de Villanueva Casanare
Total población estudiantil a corte 28 de febrero de 2018, fuente SIMAT Villanueva Casanare.
Bronx 311 Canine Violations 1/2010 - Current
Bronx 311 complaints pertaining to dogs
TARIFAS
MARZO 2020
Population Who Moved in the past year
Reasons for moving in the past year
Admitidos por sede 2019-1
Admitidos por sede en el periodo 2019-1
Richmond Police Department - Firearm Discharge Incidents
Officers are authorized to use deadly force to protect themselves or the public when facing an imminent threat of death or serious bodily injury. This dataset shows incidents where police officers discharged (fired) their firearm.   Only incidents with Access Levels 3 and 5 are general access and approved for the public (other incidents are confidential and have limited access for Internal Affairs only).
SeeClickFix
This dataset is updated automatically by SeeClickFix.
Registro de Activos de Información
Este conjunto de datos contiene el inventario de la información pública que genera y  obtiene  la entidad.
WSAC College Bound Scholarship Sign-Up Rates
The College Bound Scholarship was created to provide state financial aid to low-income students who may not consider college a possibility due to the cost. The scholarship covers tuition (at comparable public college rates), some fees, and a small book allowance.  This dataset contains the counts of 7th or 8th grade students whose family meets the income requirements (CBS_Eligible),  those who submit and complete an application by June 30 of the student’s 8th grade year(CBS_Applications), and the Sign-Up Rate (CBS_Rate) calculated as a percentage.
Spending Disclosure - Fiscal Year 2012
The purpose of this Spending Disclosure Fiscal Year 12 dataset is to allow the public to search and view summary information on payments made to recipients (referred to as suppliers) that received $25,000 or more in a fiscal year. Note that salary and benefit payments to employees, pension payments to retirees, and any information that is confidential under State or Federal law is excluded from disclosure.
Previous Standard Product Lists
Austin Water’s Standard Products List specifies acceptable manufacturer products for use in the construction of water and wastewater facilities. These products have undergone stringent testing to ensure the safety, reliability and consistency within the Austin Water system
NS Adult Admissions to Custody by Gender
This dataset provides information on the percentage of offenders in adult correctional facilities by gender and admission status (e.g., remand or sentenced custody).  Percentage calculations exclude records where the gender of the offender is unknown. The data is sourced from the Nova Scotia Department of Justice's Justice Enterprise Information Network (JEIN).
2013: ECAD Multi-Family Energy Audit and EUI Data
The following information will allow you to understand the intent of data provided.  This report is in conjunction with Austin City Code 6-7’s Energy Conservation Audit and Disclosure Ordinance approved in November 2008 (amended in April 2011) to improve the energy efficiency of homes and buildings that receive electricity from Austin Energy. The ordinance meets one of the primary goals of the Austin Climate Protection Plan which is to offset 800 megawatts of peak energy demand by 2020 to help reduce Austin's carbon footprint.  In addition, this report contains information on multi-family properties older than 10 years that are required to perform an energy audit and report the results to the City of Austin and all residents living in those communities. The Austin Energy report quantifies the 2013 energy efficiency findings and the progress towards meeting City Council goals of Resolution 20081106-048.
PPP Cares Act Loan Totals to Utah Businesses
The Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans provide small businesses with the resources they need to maintain their payroll, hire back employees who may have been laid off, and cover applicable overhead.  This data set includes businesses in Utah who received PPP funding, how much funding the employer received & how many jobs the employer claims they saved.  The NAICS (National Industry Classification) was provided by the loan recipient.
Tabla de porcentaje de uso de las redes wifi por sistema operativo del Departamento del Atlantico a Junio 2019
Porcentaje de uso de las Redes Wifi del Departamento del Atlántico por Sistema Operativo a Junio de 2019
Department Of  Public Safety Weekly Population Reports
Updated for August 2013 data.      Bed Capacity Dataset: https://data.hawaii.gov/Public-Safety/Department-of-Public-Safety-Bed-Capacity-2013/qv4n-m8rb
Watershed Health Monitoring: Riparian Cover using X DensioBank
This is a list of random sites sampled by the Department of Ecology's Watershed Health Monitoring Program during 2009-2016. It includes data for riparian cover as measured with a densiometer at the bankfull margins and the amount of stream network represented by the random site. Densiometer data are assigned ratings of riparian condition relative to reference conditions.
Residential Existing Homes (One to Four Units) Energy Efficiency Projects with Income-based Incentives by Customer Type: Beginning 2010
IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ DISCLAIMER BEFORE USING DATA. The Residential Existing Homes Program is a market transformation program that uses Building Performance Institute (BPI) Goldstar contractors to install comprehensive energy-efficient improvements.  The program is designed to use building science and a whole-house approach to reduce energy use in the State’s existing one-to-four family and low-rise multifamily residential buildings and capture heating fuel and electricity-related savings.  The Program provides income-based incentives, including an assisted subsidy for households with income up to 80% of the State or Median County Income, whichever is higher to install eligible energy efficiency improvements including building shell measures, high efficiency heating and cooling measures, ENERGY STAR appliances and lighting.    D I S C L A I M E R: Estimated Annual kWh Savings, Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings, and First Year Energy Savings $ Estimate represent contractor reported savings derived from energy modeling software calculations and not actual realized energy savings. The accuracy of the Estimated Annual kWh Savings and Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings for projects has been evaluated by an independent third party. The results of the impact analysis indicate that, on average, actual savings amount to 35 percent of the Estimated Annual kWh Savings and 65 percent of the Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings. The analysis did not evaluate every single project, but rather a sample of projects from 2007 and 2008, so the results are applicable to the population on average but not necessarily to any individual project which could have over or under achieved in comparison to the evaluated savings. The results from the impact analysis will be updated when more recent information is available. Many factors influence the degree to which estimated savings are realized, including proper calibration of the savings model and the savings algorithms used in the modeling software. Some reasons individual households may realize savings different from those projected include, but are not limited to, changes in the number or needs of household members, changes in occupancy schedules, changes in energy usage behaviors, changes to appliances and electronics installed in the home, and beginning or ending a home business. Beginning November 2017, the Program requires the use of HPXML-compliant modeling software tools and data quality protocols have been implemented to more accurately project savings. For more information, please refer to the Evaluation Report published on NYSERDA’s website at:  http://www.nyserda.ny.gov/-/media/Files/Publications/PPSER/Program-Evaluation/2012ContractorReports/2012-HPwES-Impact-Report-with-Appendices.pdf.    The New York Residential Existing Homes (One to Four Units) dataset includes the following data points for projects completed during Green Jobs Green-NY, beginning November 15, 2010: Home Performance Project ID, Home Performance Site ID, Project County, Project City, Project Zip, Gas Utility, Electric Utility, Project Completion Date, Customer Type, Low-Rise or Home Performance Indicator, Total Project Cost (USD), Total Incentives (USD), Type of Program Financing, Amount Financed Through Program (USD), Pre-Retrofit Home Heating Fuel Type, Year Home Built, Size of Home, Volume of Home, Number of Units, Measure Type, Estimated Annual kWh Savings, Estimated Annual MMBtu Savings, First Year Energy Savings $ Estimate (USD), Homeowner Received Green Jobs-Green NY Free/Reduced Cost Audit (Y/N).  How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.
CalCOFI Egg Stages
Egg morphological developmental stage for eggs of selected species captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets. Sequential developmental stages are described by Moser and Ahlstrom (1985; see the info url references section).
Adult admissions to correctional services / Admissions d'adultes aux services correctionnels
Adult admissions to correctional services / Admissions d'adultes aux services correctionnels
Pierce County Public Tax Parcels
This data was derived from the ATR Parcel geodatabase. Public parcels with the following Exemption codes:  EX1: County Owned Property (County Owned Parks, Roads, etc )                                                                    EX2: Municipal Corp and Misc Taxing Districts (Cities or Towns owned properties. Ports, Parks, Roads, Tacoma Housing Authority. Also FPDs, Pierce C) EX3: State of Washington (State Highways, State Forest Lands, DOR, DNR-State Parks and Rec areas, State Colleges. )             EX4: USA - Federal Land and Buildings (Federal Land and Buildings )                                                             EXS : Public School owned property (Lands and Buildings owned by public school districts) GOVT: Government Property (Government Property )
Carbon Dioxide Emissions In Utah By Energy Sector T8.2 1980-2010
Carbon Dioxide Emissions In Utah By Energy Sector T8.2 1980-2010
Amanawa Barrack Grain Prices
Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics in Abuja, Nigeria on monthly prices for select markets in Kebbi State, Nigeria for January 2000 to December 2016.
Teen Pregnancy and Birth Rates, per 1,000 15-19 Year-Old Females, 2014 – 2018, N.B. / Taux de grossesse et de naissance chez les adolescentes, par 1 000 femmes âgées de 15 à 19 ans, 2014 - 2018, N.B. (NEW)
This table focuses on teen Pregnancy and Birth Rates, per 1,000 15-19 Year-Old Females. / Ce tableau met l'accent sur les taux de grossesse et de natalité chez les adolescentes, pour 1 000 filles de 15 à 19 ans.
Table 12: Wastewater Treatment Plant Operations & Compliance
DOH Environmental Indicators
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Year-End Log For FY 2016
OIP Master UIPA Record Request Year-End Log for FY 2016 (record requests received July 1, 2015, through June 30, 2016)
Medicare Referring DMEPOS HCPCS National Aggregate CY2014
The 2014 Referring Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Public Use File (herein referred to as “Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF”) presents information on DMEPOS products and services provided to Medicare beneficiaries ordered by physicians and other healthcare professionals.  The Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF contains data on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code and supplier rental indicator. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org). The data in the Referring Provider DMEPOS PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) Part B non-institutional DMEPOS line items for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Licensed Automatic Fire Sprinkler Technicians Utah 2014
This data set contains a list of Licensed Automatic Fire Sprinkler Technicians as of December 9th 2014.
Behavioral Risk Factors: Selected Metropolitan Area Risk Trends (SMART) MMSA Age-adjusted Prevalence Data (2011 to Present)
2011 to present. BRFSS SMART MMSA age-adjusted prevalence combined land line and cell phone data. The Selected Metropolitan Area Risk Trends (SMART) project uses the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) to analyze the data of selected metropolitan statistical areas (MMSAs) with 500 or more respondents. BRFSS data can be used to identify emerging health problems, establish and track health objectives, and develop and evaluate public health policies and programs. BRFSS is a continuous, state-based surveillance system that collects information about modifiable risk factors for chronic diseases and other leading causes of death. Data will be updated annually as it becomes available. Detailed information on sampling methodology and quality assurance can be found on the BRFSS website (http://www.cdc.gov/brfss). Methodology: http://www.cdc.gov/brfss/factsheets/pdf/DBS_BRFSS_survey.pdf Glossary: https://chronicdata.cdc.gov/Behavioral-Risk-Factors/Behavioral-Risk-Factor-Surveillance-System-BRFSS-H/iuq5-y9ct/data
Total Number of Drug- and Alcohol-Related Intoxication Deaths Occurring in Maryland, 2007-2016
Total Number of Drug- and Alcohol-Related  Intoxication Deaths Occurring in Maryland, 2007-2016.
OLA INVERNAL 2017
FAMILIAS BENEFICIARIAS DE TEJAS POR AFECTACION DE SUS VIVIENDAS POR OLA INVERNAL
DOHMH and DEP Waterborne Disease Risk Assessment Program Annual Report Data: Percentage of interviewed cryptosporidiosis case-patients by type of tap water exposure before disease onset, by Immune Status
Percentage of interviewed cryptosporidiosis case-patients by type of tap water exposure before disease onset, by Immune Status, New York City, 1995 - 2016   *Note: Determination of an association between exposure to possible risk factors for cryptosporidiosis and acquisition of cryptosporidiosis cannot be made without reference to a suitable control population (i.e., non-Cryptosporidium-infected controls).  Format of case interview form changed on 1/1/1997, 5/11/2001, 8/21/2002, and 4/26/2010. From 1/1/1995 to 4/25/2010, case-patients were asked about Tap Water Exposure during the month before onset.  Starting 04/26/2010, case-patients were asked about Tap Water Exposure during the 14 days before onset.  Year 2000 percentage of interviewed cryptosporidiosis cases does not include 14 cases associated with a point source exposure at a swimming pool in Florida.  For more information on Waterborne Disease Risk Assessment Annual reports, please visit http://www.nyc.gov/html/dep/html/drinking_water/wdrap.shtml
SHIP Children Receiving Blood Lead Screening 2011-2017
Children Receiving Blood Lead Screening - This indicator reflects the percentage of children (aged 12-35 months) enrolled in Medicaid (90+ days) screened for lead in their blood. Each pediatric Medicaid enrollee should be screened for blood lead during their 12 and 24-month well child visit. Common sources of pediatric lead exposure include dust and paint chips from chipping or peeling lead paint, as well as lead contaminated: soil, toys, water, cosmetics, and folk medicines.
Census Tract Locations (LA)
Lookup/CrossWalk for Census Tract Number and Location and Neighborhood overlap of Center Point. The Neighborhood relationship is determined using https://docs.safe.com/fme/2017.1/html/FME_Desktop_Documentation/FME_Transformers/Transformers/centerpointextractor.htm where the center point is the point that is in the center of the feature's bounding box and when a center point of a tract was not found for a tract in a neighborhood, it uses a point that is guaranteed to be inside the area.
vías terciarias municipio de viracacha
longitud de las vías que cuenta el municipio con sus diferentes administradores viales para su respectivo estudio
LUIS ARMANDO ROA POSSO
ACTIVOS DE INFORMACION
Cooperativas Inscritas a FOGACOOP
Relación de las cooperativas que se encuentran inscritas al Fondo y tienen acceso al seguro de depósitos y a los demás mecanismos de apoyo que pueda otorgar FOGACOOP en cumplimiento de sus funciones
Active Contracts
This dataset contains active City contracts as of October 4, 2019. The following are the contract types: franch = Franchise Agreements, grants = City Grants, graphic&pr = Graphic Artist, lease = Leasing Agreement, m-donate = Memorandum of Understanding, m-mou = Memorandum of Understanding, profsvcs = Professional & Contract Services, pworks = Public Works & Construction, recreation = Recreation Services, specevents = Special Event Related Services, and web/tech = Information Technology Related Services, and zgovpurag = Government Cooperative Purchasing Agreements
San Mateo County Violent Crimes 2009 Profile
Number and type of violent crimes committed in San Mateo County in 2009.
Conexiones Nuevas  de Saneamiento Hídrico en el Alcantarillado del Municipio de Pereira
En este conjunto de datos  se obtiene el reporte con el Número de Solicitudes al mes de Conexión de Saneamiento Hídrico en el Alcantarillado del Municipio de Pereira.
Smoke Free Housing in King County
Locations and contact information for smoke-free housing in King County
Maryland Female Labor Force Projections: 1970-2040
Historical and Projected Female Labor Force in Maryland and its Jurisdictions, 1970-2040.  Projected numbers are rounded to the nearest 10.  Prepared by the Maryland Department of Planning, July 2014.
Neighborhood Classifications
GIS boundaries of neighborhood classifications in the City of Grand Rapids
Certified Green Businesses
Alameda County Certified Green Businesses
ESRD QIP - National Healthcare Safety Network Healthcare Personnel Influenza Vaccination - Payment Year 2020
This dataset includes facility details, measure score, and the state and national average measure scores for the NHSN healthcare personnel influenza vaccination reporting measure included in the PY 2020 ESRD QIP.
Estructura empresarial Medellín, según comunas y actividad económica 2019
Estructura empresarial Medellín, según comunas y actividad económica 2019
Reading Proficiency Rates
Data sourced from the Student Assessment Section, Hawaii Department of Education. Percents given by proficiency level: exceeds proficiency standards, meets proficiency standards, approaches proficiency standards, and well below proficiency standards.
Vital Signs: Housing Affordability - Bay Area by Income
Housing Affordability (EQ2)  FULL MEASURE NAME Housing Affordability  LAST UPDATED October 2018  DATA SOURCE U.S Census Bureau: Decennial Census Form STF3 – https://nhgis.org (1980-1990) Form SF3a – https://nhgis.org (2000)  U.S. Census Bureau: American Community Survey Form B25074 (2009-2017) Form B25095 (2009-2017) http://api.census.gov  Image: Flickr (Creative Commons license), Photographer: Frank Kehren, https://www.flickr.com/photos/fkehren/8481894011  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) The share of income brackets used for different Census and ACS forms varied over time. To allow for historical comparisons, the Census Bureau merges housing expenditure brackets into three consistent bins (less than 20 percent, 20 percent to 34 percent, and more than 35 percent) that work for all years. The highest income bracket for renters in the ACS data was $100,000 or more, while the homeowner dataset included brackets for $100,000 to $149,999 and $150,000 and above. These brackets were merged together to allow for uniform comparison across tenure. While some studies use 30 percent as the affordability threshold, Vital Signs uses 35 percent as this is the closest break point using the standardized affordability brackets above. Historical data for Napa County is unavailable due to an insufficient sample size for renters in a number of years, making it impossible to calculate affordability for all households. All ACS data is for a single year, rather than a rolling average. Income breakdown data is only provided for one year as it is not possible to compare consistent inflation-adjusted income brackets over time given Census data limitations.
Sitios de interés Tópaga Boyaca
Se realaciona información asociada a todos los sitios de interes del municipio de Tópaga en el Departamento de Boyacá con las respectivas cordenadas geodesicas incluyendo lugares públicos y privados.
Contratos Mínima Cuantía Alcaldía Municipal de Chia 2018
Información estadística Contratos Mínima Cuantía Alcaldía Municipal de Chia 2018
Utah Toxic Release Inventory 2009
These files consist of the data fields most frequently requested, including: E-mail iconHave a question? Facility Name, Address, Latitude & Longitude Coordinates, SIC or NAICS codes, Chemical Identification, Classification Information, On-site Release Quantities, Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW) Transfer Quantities, Off-site Transfer Quantities for Release/Disposal, Further Waste Management, Summary Pollution Prevention Quantities ( Section 8 of the Form R )
2017 Official Election Results by Voting Station
This dataset contains the election results by voting station for each ward in the 2017 General Election
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Honduras, 2006 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Honduras as part of its 2006 round of surveys.   The 2006 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University and Borge y Asociados.
Mesa Census Tracts To City Boundary
Census tracts as supplied by  the US Census Bureau clipped to Mesa city boundaries as supplied by the city's Geographic Information System (GIS).
Carbon And Emery County Public Health Services Directory
Carbon And Emery County Public Health Services Directory
Maryland Mortgage (Single Family Loans) FY 2011-2019
The Maryland Mortgage Program provides help in the form of Down Payment Assistance, as well as a range of Partner Match programs from employers, developers and community organizations that can help you cover these down payment and closing costs.  These programs may make it possible for first-time homebuyers to afford a mortgage when they would not be able to do so the conventional way.    DISCLAIMER: Some of the information may be tied to the Department’s bond funded loan programs and should not be relied upon in making an investment decision. The Department provides comprehensive quarterly and annual financial information and operating data regarding its bonds and bond funded loan programs, all of which is posted on the publicly-accessible Electronic Municipal Market Access system website (commonly known as EMMA) that is maintained by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, and on the Department’s website under Investor Information.     More information accessible here: http://dhcd.maryland.gov/Investors/Pages/default.aspx
Transportation Fuels Production and Demand: Beginning 1993
How does your organization use this dataset? What other NYSERDA or energy-related datasets would you like to see on Open NY? Let us know by emailing OpenNY@nyserda.ny.gov.  Transportation Fuels Production and Demand dataset provides the weekly volumes of gasoline demand for the U.S. and production of finished gasoline for both the East Coast and the U.S. in terms of thousand barrels per day. Weekly data on kerosene-type jet fuel  production for both the East Coast and the U.S. is provided in terms of thousand barrels per day. Data is reported weekly starting in July 1993 through current.
Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Maripi
Información relacionada  con las actividades de las Instituciones Educativas del Municipio de Maripi, rector, dane, nit e información de las sedes.
Embargos En Colombia
Se conoce como embargo a la conservación, custodia e incautación, por indicación de un juez, de aquello que pertenece a una persona.
Finance Stats
Bond Rating, Revenue Portfolio, Taxes
New York State Executive Budget Capital Appropriations: 2018-2019
This data set includes capital project appropriations and reappropriations as they relate to the FY 2019 Executive Budget
NYC Health + Hospitals WTC 9/11 Health Center – common disorders – 2011
The NYC Health + Hospitals World Trade Center (WTC) Environmental Health Center, one of three 9/11 health Centers of Excellence in New York City, provides medical and mental healthcare to residents, students, workers, and passersby who may still be sick from 9/11. This data shows the major disorders suffered by patients who were enrolled between 4/1/2010 and 3/31/2011.
1100B_Board of Supervisors
Performance measures dataset
Esquema de publicación de información 2019
Instrumento para informar de forma ordenada a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014.
Open Meetings
Schedule of Missouri Open Meetings
Garfield County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014 FINAL
The Physician and Other Supplier PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount and Medicare payment), and submitted charges organized by National Provider Identifier (NPI), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code, and place of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS administrative claims data for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the fee-for-service program available from the CMS Chronic Condition Data Warehouse (www.ccwdata.org).  The data in the Physician and Other Supplier PUF covers calendar year 2014 and contains 100% final-action physician/supplier Part B non-institutional line items for the Medicare fee-for-service population.
All Data Public Elementary- Secondary Education Finance Data Utah Census 2014
All Data Items – Files containing data for all items on the F-33 survey form, as well as unit identifiers, descriptive variables, and summary data items. Each file contains data for all school systems.
2017 San Diego County Demographics - School Enrollment by Grade Level
This indicator provides the number of students enrolled in any level of school ages 3 years and older and the proportion of enrolled students by their grade level. In other words, of the population 3 years and over who are enrolled in school, the percent of students enrolled by grade level. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S1401.
2017 - 2018 Diversity Report Pre-Kindergarten
Demographic information on DOE and NYCEEC Pre-Kindergarten sites
COORDENADA ALCALDIA
UBICACIÓN DE LA ALCALDÍA MUNICIPAL DE CHOACHI
ASOCIACIONES MUNICIPIO DE GACHALA
Se presentan las Asociaciones del municipio de Gachalá
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS041
Driver Feedback Sign DFS041  Latitude: 53.544815 Longitude: -113.565714  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
EDA - Number of economic development grants made to communities and regions to help build the capacity to support the export-related activities and needs of businesses
This performance indicator measures the number of EDA grants made to made to communities and regions to help build the capacity to support the export-related activities and needs of businesses
Network PUF - 2020
The Network PUF (Ntwrk-PUF) is one of the seven files that make up the Marketplace PUF. The Ntwrk-PUF contains issuer-level data identifying provider network URLs. These data either originate from the Network ID template (i.e., template field), an Excel based form used by issuers to describe their plans in the QHP/SADP application process, or were generated by CCIIO for use in data processing (i.e., system-generated).
WA Tax Exemptions - Potential Eligibility by Make/Model Excluding Vehicle Price Criteria
This list is based only on vehicle description. To determine eligibility, price must be considered. <br /><br />Only vehicles meeting the requirements for clean alternative fuel and electric-only range are listed (per RCW 82.08.809 and RCW 82.12.809). <br /><br />Sales or leases must occur on or after 8/1/2019, and meet the purchase price requirements to be eligible for the sales and use tax exemptions.
Downtown Pedways - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many from the June 2017 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1768&as=xP76Ph5TP5&t=1    Open from June 13 - 20, 2017.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6766 Insight Community Members. 1750 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 26%. A total of 1779 respondents completed the survey: 1750 Insight Community Members and 29 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Ejecucion presupuesto de gastos municipio de Tenza, Boyaca a 30 de junio de 2013
Informe consolidado de la ejecucion de gastos del muncipio de Tenza a corte 30 de junio de 2013.
Mayor's Office to End Domestic and Gender-Based Violence Annual Fact Sheet 2002-2019
The dataset contains annual count data for the number of intimate partner and family-related homicides homicides and domestic incident reports, calls to the domestic violence hotline, total and borough counts for client visits to the New York City Family Justice Centers and the number of trainings and workshops conducted by the ENDGBV Policy and and Training Unit.
Arrests
This dataset reflects arrests in the City of Gainesville since 2011. Arrest data is provided by the Gainesville Police Department (GPD) and derived from Police reports.
FY2010 F65 City
F-65 Data Summary Cities 2010
Coal Production And Miner Productivity In Utah 1960-2013 T2.9
Coal Production And Miner Productivity In Utah 1960-2013 T2.9
Pruebas Saber 3-5-9- Matemáticas 5
Base de datos prueba saber 3-5-9 matemáticas 5
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2013
Water Wells Drilled In Utah 2013
EPS Recruit Statistics
This dataset provides statistics related to EPS's Recruit Selection Unit.     Recruit Applicants are the number of sworn recruit applicants for new recruit class, or the Experienced Officer Program, that have passed the eight stage application process. Statistics here include potential "reactivations", where an applicant completed the process previously, was temporarily deferred, and has completed the process again.    More information can be found at:    https://dashboard.edmonton.ca/stat/goals/fzxw-8pb7/w793-iem2/4fgq-m2t7    http://www.joineps.ca/
TLC Authorized Behind The Wheel Providers (Historical)
**NOTE**: This list is historical. The providers listed DO NOT offer this course. The course is on hold and will be offered again by different providers in late 2019.
USA SPENDING LGY B114 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS APR2019
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located.</p>
Bike Routes (Deprecated February 2020)
OUTDATED. See the current data at https://data.cityofchicago.org/d/3w5d-sru8 -- Bike routes in Chicago.  This dataset is in a forma​​t for spatial datasets that is inherently tabular but allows for a map as a derived view. Please click the indicated link below for such a map.  To export the data in either tabular or geographic format, please use the Export button on this dataset.
WDFW-Coded Wire Tag Fish Recoveries
New data (unverified) within this dataset is preliminary and subject to change per the verification process.
Número de pensionados de Colpensiones por rango salarial
Número de Pensionados por Colpensiones clasificados por rango salarial en escala del salario mínimo del año legal vigente.
Fin- Debt Svc Coverage
Revenue coverage as a percentage over utility debt
ESTADISTICA DE  COMPARENDOS MUNICIPIO LOS PATIOS
Estadísticas de Comparendos por infracciones al Código de Policía  de la primera semana de febrero 2019 del Municipio los Patios.
Designated vs Social - Open Space Roads and Trails - Marin County Parks
Progress toward improving open space habitat preservation and visitor safety via a designated road and trail system.
Asociaciones Productivas en el municipio de Santa Isabel
Este conjunto de datos contiene la lista de asociacion productivas que se ven vinculadas en el municipio de Santa Isabel
Inventory of New York City Greenhouse Gas Emissions - Heating And Cooling Degree Days (2004-2016)
Inventory of New York City Greenhouse Gas Emissions -  Heating And Cooling Degree Days (2004-2016)
OBJETIVOS DE CALIDAD DE RECURSO HIDRICO NORTE DE SANTANDER
Objetivo de la Determinante Ambiental: Clasificar las aguas con el fin de señalar sus usos y su posibilidad de aprovechamiento.
2011 Federal Census - Population by Census Tracts, Dissemination Areas, Wards and Urban Service Areas
The data shows population frequency distribution by age and marital status in four different boundary types. The data was provided by Statistics Canada but it has been sectioned and transposed. The fields come from census profile reports of Statistics Canada and some information may not be available for all the boundaries. The fields have been arranged in the same order as census profile reports. To see a more complete description of the fields click on this link: http://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2011/dp-pd/prof/details/page.cfm?Lang=E&Geo1=CSD&Code1=4811052&Geo2=CD&Code2=4811&Data=Count&SearchText=strathcona%20county&SearchType=Begins&SearchPR=01&B1=All&Custom=&TABID=1
Richmond Police Department - Sworn Staffing Levels
Historical adopted (budgeted) and actual sworn staffing data for the City of Richmond Police Department.
A Picture 2018 - Indicator 1, Figure 7
Proportion (%) of ACT resident women who smoked during pregnancy by age, 2004–15.  Source: ACT Health, Epidemiology Section. Maternal Perinatal Data Collection, unpublished data. Australian Institute of Health and Welfare (AIHW), National Perinatal Data Collection, published data.
APS 4.1 Services: Activity by Region with Demographics FY2010-2019
Chapter 48, Title 2, of the Texas Human Resources Code (HRC) and Chapter 705 of the Texas Administrative Code (TAC) authorizes APS to investigate abuse and financial exploitation of a person age 65 or older or an adult with a disability when the person responsible for the maltreatment is a:    •  caretaker;   •  paid caretaker;   •  family member; or    •  person who has an ongoing relationship with the alleged victim.  Examples include a personal friend, paramour, or roommate. In the case of neglect, the perpetrator may also be the victim himself or herself.  This is called "Self-neglect". In cases of family violence, a protective order can be obtained from a court that prohibits a member of a family or household from remaining in the household, and from contacting or coming near the victim. The purpose of the order is to prevent that person from committing further acts of family violence against the victim. The statutes governing family violence protective orders are set forth in Texas Family Code Chapters 71-87. This order is only available when family violence has been committed by a family member, member of the household, or in some circumstances by a person the victim has dated.  Each victim may have more than one perpetrator per investigation.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs.
ESTUDIANTES ADMITIDOS 2016 - 2017
ESTUDIANTES ADMITIDOS POR MODALIDAD, CENTRO TUTORIAL  Y PROGRAMA 2016- 2017
Instituciones de Salud del Municipio de San José del Guaviare
Listado de las instituciones de salud del municipio de San José del Guaviare
Ability To Speak English By Race
(Excluding those less than 5 years old or speak only English)				 	Hawaii’s Limited English Proficient (LEP) Population: A Demographic and Socio-Economic Profile
Instituciones de prestación de servicios de salud
Registro de la Información de contacto de las IPS del municipio de Tunja.
Percent of clients residing in homeless transitional shelters that are connected to mainstream services and benefits
Percent of clients residing in homeless transitional shelters that are connected to mainstream services and benefits  Human Services Agency performance measure 7510P ID 329
February 2019 Special Election Final Precinct Results
Final precinct by precinct results for the February 2019 special election
Topographical Bureau Maps - Final Sections
A list of the final section maps that would show the legal street information for Borough of Brooklyn.
4500D_Department of Public Works
Performance measures dataset
BP Appointments - HHC Community Advisory Boards (CAB)
This dates set represents Brooklyn Borough President's appointees to HHC Community Advisory Board.
Cooking Gas Consumption And Cost (2010 - 2019)
Monthly consumption and cost data by borough and development. Data set includes utility vendor and meter information.
October 2012 Encumbrances
DAGS supplied data
E-rate Recipient Details And Commitments
This dataset combines key fields captured from the E-rate Form 471 (Basic Information, FRN Status, FRN Line Items, Recipients Of Service, and Supplemental Entity Information).
Register Of Disciplinary Actions
In accordance with the part 9 of the Construction Occupations (Licensing) Act 2004, specific information is made public when disciplinary action has been taken against an occupation under the Act. Please be advised there are some occupations outside this Act and would not be listed.
2005-2010  Graduation Outcomes -  By Borough
Graduation Outcomes - 4 Year Outcome - Cohorts of 2001 through 2006 (Classes of 2005 through 2010)     •The New York State calculation method was first adopted for the Cohort of 2001 (Class of 2005). The cohort consists of all students who first entered 9th grade in a given school year (e.g., the Cohort of 2006 entered 9th grade in the 2006-2007 school year). Graduates are defined as those students earning either a Local or Regents diploma and exclude those earning either a special education (IEP) diploma or GED. For the most recent cohort, graduation rates as of both June and August (including summer graduates) are reported.     •Records with cohorts of 20 students or less are suppressed. August outcomes are only reported for the most recent cohort.     •August outcomes include all June and August graduates.     •In school-level reporting, students who were in a school for less than 5 months are not included in the school’s cohort, but are included in citywide totals.     •School level results are not presented for District 79 schools, but their outcomes are included in citywide totals.
Fostering Interventions for Rapid Market Advancement in BiH Impact Evaluation Dataset
FIRMA was a $21 million activity financed jointly by United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida) to support small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the sectors of wood processing, tourism, and light manufacturing/metal processing in Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH). FIRMA’s objective was to increase sustainable economic growth as measured by increased sales, exports, sustainable employment, and access to finance. FIRMA implementation spanned from September 2009 to May 2015.
CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD VISUAL EN POBLACIÓN ESTUDIANTIL DEL MUNICIPIO DE ACACIAS
Informe de las causas de morbilidad visual en la población estudiantil del municipio de Acacias, realizado por la secretaria de salud Municipal.
Fire And Rescue Assistance To Howard County By Other Counties: 2012 - 2018
One record for each response to an emergency incident by a non Howard County unit.
Marital Status, 2016
Marital status among population 15 years and older, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP02.
Housing Innovation Fund
Address challenges facing the County in seeking to increase the supply and preservation of affordable housing by development of innovative approaches previously unfitted for existing funding mechanisms. DOHIF Measure K Performance
Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Child Care At-Risk Centers – Meal Reimbursement – Program Year 2018-2019
<b>About the Dataset</b><br> This data set contains claims information for <b>meal reimbursement for sites participating as At-Risk Child Care Centers in CACFP for program year 2018-2019.</b> The CACFP program year begins October 1 and ends September 30. <p>  <b>This dataset only represents claims submitted by CACFP sites operating as At-Risk Child Care Centers.</b> Sites can participate in multiple CACFP sub-programs. For reimbursement data on CACFP participants operating as Day Care Homes, Adult Day Care Centers, Child Care Centers, Head Start centers, emergency shelters, or centers providing care for students outside school hours, please refer to the corresponding “Child and Adult Care Food Programs (CACFP) – Meal Reimbursement” dataset for that sub-program available on the State of Texas Open Data Portal.  <p>  An overview of <b>all CACFP data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/iekx-7mdi target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Child and Adult Care Food Programs</a></b> page.<p>  An overview of <b>all TDA Food and Nutrition data available</b> on the Texas Open Data Portal can be found at our <b><a href=https://data.texas.gov/stories/s/TDA-Data-Overview-Food-and-Nutrition-Programs-Open/nk79-w2cs/ target="_blank">TDA Data Overview - Food and Nutrition Open Data</a></b> page. <p>  <b>More information about accessing and working with TDA data on the Texas Open Data Portal</b> can be found on the SquareMeals.org website on the <b><a href=http://www.squaremeals.org/FandNResources/PublicInformationRequests/TDAFoodandNutritionOpenData.aspx target="_blank">TDA Food and Nutrition Open Data</a> </b>page.<p>  <b>About Dataset Updates</b><br> TDA aims to post new program year data by December 15 of the active program year. <b>Participants have 60 days to file monthly reimbursement claims.</b> Dataset updates will occur monthly until 90 days after the close of the program year. After 90 days from the close of the program year, the dataset will be updated at six months and one year from the close of program year before becoming archived. Archived datasets will remain published but will not be updated. Any data posted during the active program year is subject to change.<p>  <b>About the Agency</b><br> The Texas Department of Agriculture administers 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture nutrition programs in Texas including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs, the Child and Adult Care Food Programs(CACFP), and the summer meal programs. TDA’s Food and Nutrition division provides technical assistance and training resources to partners operating the programs and oversees the USDA reimbursements they receive to cover part of the cost associated with serving food in their facilities. By working to ensure these partners serve nutritious meals and snacks, the division adheres to its mission — <i>Feeding the Hungry and Promoting Healthy Lifestyles.</i><p>  <i><b>For more information on these programs, please visit our <a href=http://www.SquareMeals.org target="_blank">website</a>.</b></i>
Empresas Forestales
Son establecimientos dedicados a la compra y venta de productos forestales o de la flora silvestre, sin ser sometidos a ningún proceso de transformación.
QUEJAS RECIBIDAS POR ESCRITO ENE - MAR 2019 GOBERNACION DEL ATLANTICO
INFORMACIÓN CORRESPONDIENTE AL PRIMER TRIMESTRE DEL 2019.
Libraries - 2015 Holds Placed by Location
Patrons may place holds on desired materials either online or by contacting any CPL location. The Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches.  Many locations experience sporadic emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages.  Independence Branch closed due to a fire on 10/30/15.
2005 - 2011 Graduation Outcomes - School Level - SWD
Latest available data and trends in graduation and dropout outcomes by school and disability status.
Hospital Value-Based Purchasing (HVBP) – Patient Experience of Care Domain Scores (HCAHPS)
A list of hospitals participating in the Hospital VBP Program and their scores for the Person and Community Engagement HCAHPS dimensions.
City Proclamations List
This dataset provides a list of all proclamations issued by the City since December 1, 2015
Inventory of Parcels Subject to Power of Sale - July 1, 2017
The purpose of a Secured tax sale is to return tax defaulted property back to the tax roll, collect unpaid taxes and convey title to the purchaser. Properties become subject to the County Tax Collector’s power to sell because of a default in the payment of property taxes for five or more years. These properties may be purchased at one of our many online public auctions; there are no tax lien certificates or over the counter sales. Notes: 1 Based on 2016-2017 Values 2 Redemption Amount as of July, 1 2017, Amount will increase 1 1/2% per month and may or may not include all special assessments
Maryland Acres Of Land In Farms: 1987-2007
Total Acres Of Land In Farms in Maryland and its Jurisdctions from 1987 to 2007 by state and jurisdictions. Source from the Census of Agriculture.
2nd Ave Cycle Track North of Marion St Bicycle Counter
The counter consist on Inductive loops on the pathway that count the passing of bicycles with travel direction. They are very accurate and designed to be used on greenways and cycle tracks
Cuadro de Clasificación Documental ESSA
Cuadro de Clasificación Documental ESSA
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of August 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of August 2018.</p>
REGISTROS SANITARIOS DE MEDICAMENTOS HOMEOPÁTICOS
Es el permiso que se le asigna a un fabricante, importador o comercializador para que comercialice su producto en el mercado colombiano, previo cumplimiento de todos los requisitos establecidos en la normatividad sanitaria vigente.
RELACIÓN DE CONTRATACIÓN ANUAL VIGENCIA 2016
Informe detallado de la contratación efectuada por el Municipio de Filandia durante la vigencia 2016
PSP Budget Summary
Operating Budget Summary
General Services Maintained Buildings - 2013 Update
Listing of Buildings owned and maintained by the City of Kansas City, MO Ed Hennessy, real estate property manager City Hall, 24th Floor 414 E. 12th Street Kansas City, MO 64106 Phone: 816-513-3422 Email: ed.hennessy@kcmo.org
2017 For Hire Vehicle Trip Data
The For-Hire Vehicle (“FHV”) trip records include fields capturing the dispatching base license number and the pick-up date, time, and taxi zone location ID (shape file below). These records are generated from the FHV Trip Record submissions made by bases. Note: The TLC publishes base trip record data as submitted by the bases, and we cannot guarantee or confirm their accuracy or completeness. Therefore, this may not represent the total amount of trips dispatched by all TLC-licensed bases. The TLC performs routine reviews of the records and takes enforcement actions when necessary to ensure, to the extent possible, complete and accurate information.    For trip record data including TLC taxi zone location IDs, location names and corresponding boroughs for each ID can be found <a href="https://s3.amazonaws.com/nyc-tlc/misc/taxi+_zone_lookup.csv">here</a>. A shapefile containing the boundaries for the taxi zones can be found <a href="https://s3.amazonaws.com/nyc-tlc/misc/taxi_zones.zip">here</a>.
Testing DataSync
Testing Datasync for DCR
Statewide Subgroup Educational Attainment 2005 - current Annual Education
Attainment data is a 3-year average estimate of the adult, working age population (age 25-64) by age group, gender, and race/ethnicity. Data is based on Public Use Microsample (PUMS) data from the American Community Survey (ACS) downloaded in a custom data set from the IPUMS USA project at the University of Minnesota and summarized for Pennsylvania. Note that the estimates in this data set represent a 3-year average and is not directly comparable to the county-level 5-year county level estimates.
Summer Low Flow Trend Indicator 1975-2015
Trend in annual minimum 30-day average summer flows, statewide, Oct 1975 through Oct 2015
Esquema de Publicación de Información
El Esquema de Publicación de Información es el instrumento del que disponen los sujetos obligados para notificar sobre la información publicada en el sitio web de la entidad y la que se encuentra disponible en otros medios.
Estación De Policia De Manatí - Atlántico
Estación De Policia De Manatí - Atlántico
Indicadores Atención Usuarios 2019
Indicadores Atención Usuarios 2019 donde se especifican las Felicitaciones, Sugerencias, Peticiones o Reclamos que hacen los usuarios al interior de la institución. Esto a través de los diversos medios para la peticiones de los usuarios.
Austin Energy Customer Satisfaction
Austin Energy is proactive in addressing customer needs and regularly monitors customer satisfaction through customer surveys. In recent years, overall customer satisfaction has gone down. The drivers of the lower satisfaction are customer perceptions of price and value resulting from an overall increase in utility bills, despite Austin Energy providing reasonable and affordable electric rates. Residential and Commercial surveys are conducted quarterly while key account surveys are administered annually. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
Vital Signs: Economic Output Per Capita – by Subregion
VITAL SIGNS INDICATOR Economic Output (EC14)  FULL MEASURE NAME Per-capita gross regional product  LAST UPDATED July 2019  DESCRIPTION Economic output is measured by the total and per-capita gross regional product and refers to the value of goods and services generated by workers and companies in a region.  DATA SOURCE Bureau of Economic Analysis: Regional Economic Accounts 2001-2017 http://www.bea.gov/regional/  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates 2001-2009 http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/ Note: Table E-8  California Department of Finance: Population and Housing Estimates 2010-2017 http://www.dof.ca.gov/Forecasting/Demographics/Estimates/ Note: Table E-5  CONTACT INFORMATION vitalsigns.info@bayareametro.gov  METHODOLOGY NOTES (across all datasets for this indicator) As gross regional product data is only available on the MSA level, Bay Area data includes 10 counties (the nine core counties + San Benito County); this results in a slightly higher regional GRP as a result of additional population and business activity. Per-capita data reflects the additional population included as a result of San Benito County’s participation in the San Jose MSA. Data is inflation-adjusted by using both nominal and real data developed by BEA and appropriately escalating real GRP data in 2009 dollars to today’s dollars (2017). This inflation adjustment approach is specific to each MSA and is different from the CPI inflation approach used for other datasets on the Vital Signs website.
Electrical Submeter On Site Audit
Dataset to monitor on-site audits of known sites in Marin County that operate electric submeters used to deliver and sell electricity to tenants/customers.
Insurance Demographic Data
Data for rates of health insurance coverage by demographic. Data from 2017 ACS
TCCS Open Data Strategy KPIs
This dataset gives information about Transport Canberra & City Services Open Data Strategy Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). The strategy is published as pdf & docx format at https://www.cityservices.act.gov.au/about-us/open-data-strategy
VIGILANCIA COMUNITARIA POR CUADRANTES DE LA POLICÍA EN LOS BARRIOS DE LETICIA AMAZONAS
VIGILANCIA COMUNITARIA POR CUADRANTES DE LA POLICÍA EN LOS BARRIOS DE LETICIA AMAZONAS
Vendor payments for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016-2018
This dataset contains information about vendor payments made by the City, allowing you to review payments on both summary and detailed levels. Certain transactions are withheld from this register due to requirements for vendor anonymity. Therefore, totals on this site will not necessarily match totals in the City’s budget or the City’s Comprehensive Annual Financial Report. The information is point in time raw data from the City's financial system and may be subject to change.
Statement of capital works program 2014-15
The statement of capital works has been included in accordance with the Local Government Regulations. This statement sets out all the expected capital expenditure in relation to non-current assets for the year. It categorises capital works expenditure into renewal of assets, upgrading of assets, or creating new assets. Each of these categories has a different impact on Council’s future costs.
Invest Nova Scotia Board Meetings
Dates of Invest Nova Scotia Board meetings from the date of the Invest Nova Scotia launch.
Local Units
Counties, Townships, Cities, & Villages
Light Vehicle Sales
Monthly light vehicle sales includes cars and light trucks. (Seasonally Adjusted annual sales rate in millions)
FAS Facilities
FAS Facilities
Infraestructura rural y actividades ofrecidas
Infraestructura de deportes y cultura en la zona rural y actividades ofrecidas.
Budget Management - 2013 Budget Request by Amount and Department
2013 Appropriation by Department and Account. Data from 01/10/13.
Average County Home Prices 2 Bedroom Utah 1996-2015
This data set contains average home prices in Utah from 1996-2015 by County.
Permit Activity
Properties for which permits have been obtained for work exceeding $50,000.
Budget - 2017 Budget Recommendations - Positions and Salaries
This dataset includes recommended positions and salaries for 2017 by title (without names) and salary. The dataset is excerpted from the 2017 Budget Recommendations, which is the line-item budget proposed by the Mayor to the City Council for approval. Disclaimer: the “Total Budgeted Unit” column displays either A) the number of employees AND vacancies associated with a given position, or B) the number of budgeted units (ie. hours/months) for that position. “Position Control” determines whether Total Budgeted Units column will count employees and vacancies or hours/months. If a Position Control is 1, then employees and vacancies are displayed; if a Position Control is 0, then the total number of hours/months recorded is displayed. Owner: Budget and Management. Frequency: Data are updated annually. For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Digital Engagement - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the April 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=921&as=M7ua9eD4Ge&t=1    Open from April 12 - 19, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 5019 Insight Community Members. 1404 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 28%. A total of 1405 respondents completed the survey: 1404 Insight Community Members and 1 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attached document, found under the "About" option, in the "Attachments" section.
Estados Financieros deEntidades Solidarias a MARZO de 2012
Reportes Financieros con corte a 31 de Marzo de 2012 de las Entidades del Sector Solidario que hicieron el reporte a esa fecha
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Complaints Utah
This data set contains complaints by Utah citizens to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  These complaints are published here after the company responds or after 15 days, whichever comes first. By adding their voice, consumers help improve the financial marketplace.
Bronx 311 School Suspension Discipline
311 Data on the number of suspensions and disciplinary actions in Bronx schools
Ward 1 Lobbyist Registry
Similar to the Mayor's Lobbyist Registry, this is a list of Ward 1 Councilor meetings with various groups within Edmonton.  The purpose of the registry is to contribute to increasing Edmontonians’ confidence in the integrity of the local government decision-making process, and to promote government transparency and accountability.
ESTIMACIONES 1993-2005 Y PROYECCIONES 2005-2020 DE VIVIENDAS OCUPADAS, NACIONAL Y DEPARTAMENTAL (Gobernación del Atlántico)
Para viviendas ocupadas se ha supuesto un porcentaje de desocupación constante a partir de 2005; hacia atrás este porcentaje corresponde a la interpolación intercensal. Los cálculos se derivan del número de hogares y la relación hogares por vivienda.  Viviendas según concepto censal hace referencia al tipo de vivienda consultado en los censos de población y vivienda. Las series de estimaciones y proyecciones aquí presentadas, están sujetas a ajustes de acuerdo con la disponibilidad de nueva información. Fuente, DANE.
INVENTARIO BIBLIOTECA PUBLICA DE SABOYÁ
INVENTARIO BIBLIOTECA PUBLICA DE SABOYÁ
State Summary of Outpatient Charge Data by select 30 APCs, CY2012
The Outpatient Utilization and Payment state summary data presents information on common outpatient services provided to Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries. The Outpatient PUF presents information on utilization, payment, and estimated hospital-specific charges for 30 Ambulatory Payment Classification (APC) Groups paid under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS) for Calendar Year (CY) 2012. The Medicare payment amount includes the APC payment amount, the beneficiary Part B coinsurance amount and the beneficiary deductible amount.
Dangerous Buildings List
Updated daily. Dangerous Buildings cases are evaluated in accordance with building code standards to determine if they are a candidate for demolition. Private owners are generally given at least 30 days to conduct work to repair or demolish their property before the City will take action. The more severe the damage, the shorter the timeline the property owner has to avoid City action, which can include municipal court summons, fines, and demolition by City contractors (the cost of which is then assessed against the property owner).
HS Dataset Energy PK
Number of households served
PMI_GHSC_dataset
The President’s Malaria Initiative (PMI) is a U.S. Government initiative designed to reduce malaria deaths and illnesses in target countries in sub-Saharan Africa with a long-term vision of a world without malaria.    This dataset, also called the GHSC Product Master list (2018), contains information on categories of commodities used by the Bureau for Global Health. The commodities are identified  by levels and product codes.
Financial Intermediary Funds Funding Decisions
Financial Intermediary Funds (FIFs) are multilateral financing arrangements for which the World Bank provides Trustee services that include committing and transferring funds to project implementers (generally international organizations such as multilateral development banks or UN agencies). In all cases the World Bank as Trustee is required to act in accordance with instructions of independent governing bodies.    In fulfilling its responsibilities, the World Bank as Trustee complies with all sanctions applicable to World Bank transactions.    Funding Decisions represent amounts approved by the FIFs governing bodies for projects fees and administrative budgets. Funding to projects can be done through various financial products, including grants and concessional loans.    No further updates are planned for this particular dataset.
Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILOT) on Private Tax-Exempt Property
Office of Policy and Management administers the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILOT) on Private Tax-Exempt Property pursuant to CGS §12-19b(b), §12-20a and §12-20b. This program provides payments for real property tax losses due to exemptions applicable to eligible private colleges and general and free standing chronic disease hospitals.
Taxes by County and Industry in Colorado
Sales Tax information is summarized monthly at the county level by industry. Net Tax for the monthly filing period are summarized by county and industry in this report including tax totals. Contains fields like agriculture, clothing, food & beverage, etc. This data set is provided by the Department of Revenue (CDOR).
SBF CEI Program Energy Reduction
Data collected by Hawaiʻi Energy in partnership with the Hawaiʻi Green Growth Sustainability Business Forum. This indicator measures the percent change in energy use relative to 2015.
DOHMH Tuberculosis Surveillance: Data from the Tuberculosis Control Annual Summary
Tuberculosis cases and rates by select characteristics table (1900-2016) from the Tuberculosis Control Annual Summary
2012 Primary - Elections Results (final daily)
August 2012 primary election; final daily results report.
Department of Recreation and Parks' Facility and Park Information
The Department of Recreation and Parks' Facility and Park Information dataset provide information such as facilities and parks' addresses, contact phone numbers, websites, and mapping info by categories: beaches, camps, dog parks, equestrian centers, gardens, golf courses, lakes, museums, public computer centers, recreation centers, rental facilities, senior centers, skate parks, swimming pools, tennis courts, and theatres; and amenities: baseball/softball fields, basketball courts, hiking trails, outdoor fitness equipment, swimming pools with diving boards and universally accessible playgrounds.
HS Dataset FCSP client count
Monthly count for Family Caregiver Support Program.
Municipal Statement of Revenue and Expenditures 2015 Community and Economic Development
2015 revenues and expenditures by municipality and account number.  A note of caution:   A municipality can update information at any time after submission of a form.  The Municipal Statistics site is built to reflect any data updates, the following day, in the Public Reports section of the Municipal Statistics site. http://munstats.pa.gov/public/
Community Colleges - Budget, Revenue, Expenditure Data
This report includes links to community college data and financial information, per House Bill 2946 (2017). For more information visit https://www.oregon.gov/transparency/Pages/index.aspx.
2018 - 2019 Class Size Pupil to Teacher Ratio
2018-19 Preliminary Class Size Report School Pupil-to-Teacher Ratio
Certified Utah Appraisal Companies Directory Utah
Certified Utah Appraisal Companies Directory Utah
Energy PGE Metered Energy
All energy metered by PG&E. Does not include electrical power delivered to LBL through their own substation.
Cache County Medicare Cost Data 2007-2014
This data set contains the Geographic Variation Public Use File from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. This data file contains demographic, spending, utilization and quality indicators for Cache County.
County/Metro Indicator - High Blood Pressure
UCLA Center for Health Policy Research. AskCHIS 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011-2016. Ever diagnosed with high blood pressure (San Bernardino County, State of California). Available at ask.chis.ucla.edu. Exported on March 14th, 2019.
ORGANIZACIONES SOCIALES DE CALAMAR GUAVIARE
Directorio de Organizaciones Sociales que se encuentran activas en el municipio de Calamar – Guaviare, Colombia.
Ambulatory Surgical Center Quality Measures - State
This file contains state-level data for all measures reported through the Ambulatory Surgical Center Quality Reporting Program.
Beneficiarios Programa Colombia Mayor Segundo Semestre 2019
Listado de los Beneficiarios del Programa Colombia Mayor durante el Segundo Semestre de 2019 en el Municipio
NNDSS - TABLE 1AA.  Poliovirus infection, nonparalytic to Psittacosis
NNDSS - TABLE 1AA.  Poliovirus infection, nonparalytic to Psittacosis - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.     Footnotes:  U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Veterans: Gender and Age, by City
Veterans by Gender and Age categories, by City.  Veterans: Civilians who have served (even for a short time), but are not currently serving, on active duty in the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard, or who served in the U.S. Merchant Marine during World War II. People who served in the National Guard or Reserves are classified as veterans only if they were ever called or ordered to active duty. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table S2101.
Índice de información clasificada y reservada
Base de datos con los registros sobre la información clasificada y reservada del archivo de la Alcaldía Municipal de Algarrobo-Magdalena
APS 3.2 Investigations:  Allegation Types by County FY2010-FY2019
Types of Abuse, Neglect and Financial Exploitation   A single APS case can have more than one allegation.  Neglect is the failure to provide the protection, food, shelter, or care necessary to avoid emotional harm or physical injury.  The alleged perpetrator of the neglect may be the victim or the victim's caregiver.  There are three types of neglect allegations: Physical Neglect, Medical Neglect, and Mental Health Neglect.    Other allegation types include: Financial Exploitation, Physical Abuse, Emotional or Verbal Abuse, or Sexual Abuse.  Visit dfps.state.tx.us for information on all DFPS programs
Fiscal Year 2018 Preliminary Budget - Special Purpose Fund Outlook
Special Purpose Fund Outlook for Fiscal Year 2018. FY18 Ending Fund Balance Estimate calculated in accordance to FY18 Executive Expenditure Estimate. This data was released as part of the Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Preliminary Forecast. For more information see https://www.cookcountyil.gov/Budget    The County’s Annual Appropriation Bill contains Special Purpose  Funds in addition to the General Fund, Health Fund and the Debt  Service Fund. Special Purpose Funds are established for a special  and dedicated purpose, and are considered to be self-balancing.  Self-balancing means that the appropriated revenues for each of  the special purpose funds supports the required expenditures for  the budgeted fiscal year.
Tasas de interes de captacion y operaciones del mercado monetario
La TBS se obtiene para Conocer y divulgar con mayor oportunidad la estructura temporal de las tasas de interés pasivas en todos los plazos de captación a través de CDT y de CDAT, así como el volumen total captado por red de oficinas y por tesorería, la tasa interbancaria para operaciones pasivas y activas, la tasa de las operaciones repos pasivas y activas, desarrolladas por las entidades vigiladas a quienes su régimen legal no les prohíba la realización de estas operaciones, los saldos de los depósitos de ahorro activos e inactivos de las cuentas de ahorro con su respectiva tasa promedio ponderada, así como los saldos de las cuentas corrientes, los CDT y los CDAT  para las personas naturales, jurídicas y entidades oficiales, buscando contribuir con una mayor transparencia en términos de lo que tiene que ver con el nivel de información que puede poseer el mercado y sus agentes en un momento determinado.
311 Call Centre Satisfaction Survey - 2017
The 311 Call Centre Satisfaction Study is a random telephone survey asking citizen’s opinions of the 311 service in order to measure current performance, track progress and identify any areas for service improvement.
USA SPENDING CH39 B106 SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING FOR DISABLED VETERANS NOV2018
<p>VBA SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAMS. The Specially Adapted Housing (SAH) grant program helps Veterans with certain service-connected disabilities live independently in a barrier-free environment. SAH grants can be used in one of the following ways: (1) construct a suitable home on suitable land either already owned or to be acquired by the veteran, or (2) remodel an existing home if it can be suitably adapted, or (3) acquire a suitably adapted home or reduce the outstanding mortgage on a suitably adapted home already owned by the veteran. b. The Special Housing Adaptation (SHA) grant program helps veterans with certain service-connected disabilities adapt or purchase a home to accommodate the disability. SHA grants can be used in one of the following ways: (1) adapt an existing home the veteran or a family member already owns in which the veteran lives; (2) adapt a home the veteran or family member intends to purchase in which the veteran will live; (3) help a veteran purchase a home already adapted in which the veteran will live. c. . The Temporary Residence Adaptations (TRA) program provides adaptation assistance to veterans who are residing, but do not intend to permanently reside, in the a residence owned by a family member. If a veteran is otherwise eligible for SAH or SHA, the assistance is limited. d. SAH and SHA grants may be used up to three times, as long as the aggregate grant amount does not exceed the statutory dollar limitation. TRA grants may only be used once (and count as a grant usage for purposes of the limit of three), and the amount of assistance provided will be subtracted from the veteran's available statutory maximum.</p>
Community Living - Disability Support Program
Number of Disability Support Program participants currently in community-based living. Community-based living includes those whose primary placement is in Alternative Family Support, Developmental Residences, Flex Independent, Flex In Home, Group Homes, Independent Living Support, Supervised Apartment and Small Options Homes, etc.
Salud -Tasa De Mortalidad en la Niñez  - Menores de 5 Años, en el Departamento de Bolívar de 2010 a 2018.
En este Conjunto de Datos puede visualizar la Tasa de Mortalidad en Niños Menores de 5 Años, de 2010 a 2018 en el Departamento de Bolívar, Por Municipios. Fuente Númerador: Estadísticas Vitales - Defunciones No Fetales – DANE “Número de muertes en menores de 5 años”. Fuente Denominador: Estadísticas Vitales - Nacidos Vivos - DANE . Forma de Calculo: Numerador/denominador*1.000.
Summons All Precincts October 2013
All Traffic summons in the Bronx issued by the NYPD in October 2013
Fallecidos y lesionados según condición de la victima en el Magdalena 2017 - 2019
Número de personas fallecidos y lesionadas según la condición de la victima en el Magdalena durante los años 2017, 2018 y 2019
DISCONTINUIDAD
DISCONTINUIDAD OCTUBRE  2019
PLN_TIER_LVL_VAL_LKP [test]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_TIER_LVL_VAL_LKP [test], released on 2020-10-23.
Connecticut Fire Department Incidents - 2014
Superseded by 'Connecticut Fire Department Incidents (2012-2015)', which is found here:  https://data.ct.gov/Public-Safety/Connecticut-Fire-Department-Incidents-2012-2015-/qem9-rt8k      Incidents reported by Connecticut fire departments on the full range of their activities, from fire to emergency medical services (EMS) to equipment involved in the response.  See the attached documents, under the 'About' tab, for more information.
Daily Sulfer Dioxide Emissions Utah 2008
Available State-wide annual inventories of air pollutant emissions (Carbon monoxide) are summarized. Full annual inventories are collected ever three years.
Open Budget Revenue - Master Dataset
This site provides a guided view through our budget and provides a transparent look at how we allocate public funds. Datasets will update every Friday by 11 p.m. (CST).
NNDSS - TABLE 1NN. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Junin virus to Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Lujo virus
NNDSS - TABLE 1NN. Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Junin virus to Viral hemorrhagic fevers, Lujo virus – 2020.  In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.  Note:  This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html.   Footnotes: U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data. -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC. N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction. NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable. NP: Nationally notifiable but not published. NC: Not calculated — There is insufficient data available to support the calculation of this statistic. Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts. Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks. * Case counts for reporting years 2019 and 2020 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the U.S., a U.S. territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-U.S. Residents' category. Country of usual residence is currently not reported by all jurisdictions or for all conditions. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf. †Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).  § Prior to 2015, CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) did not receive electronic data about incident cases of specific viral hemorrhagic fevers; instead data were collected in aggregate as "viral hemorrhagic fevers". NNDSS was updated beginning in 2015 to receive data for each of the viral hemorrhagic fevers listed.
INSTITUCIONES PRESTADORAS DE SALUD EN EL MUNICIPIO DE SINCELEJO 2018
Listado de instituciones prestadoras de salud (IPS) del Municipio de Sincelejo en el año 2018.
General Payment Data – Detailed Dataset 2015 Reporting Year
TO DOWNLOAD THIS DATA, GO TO: http://www.cms.gov/openpayments/explore-the-data/dataset-downloads.html   All general (non-research, non-ownership related) payments from the 2015 program year [January 1 – December 31, 2015]
Derechos de Petición Contraloría Municipal de Bello
Derechos de Peticion vigencia 2017
Assets for environmental reporting
The Environmental data includes energy consumed and generated as well as greenhouse gas emissions from Council's assets and a portion of its supply chain.
Care 4 Kids Unique Children By Age Group FY10
Care 4 Kids unique children served by age group by Town in Fiscal Year 2010. Care 4 Kids helps low to moderate income families in Connecticut pay for child care costs. This program is sponsored by the State of Connecticut’s Department of Social Services (also called DSS
2018 Approval Rating
Police Department's Approval Rating from 2009-2018
City Health - Dental Care
Dental Care: Visits to dentist or dental clinic in the previous year among adults aged ≥18 years (%)
Registro de Activos de Informacion  ALCALDÍA DE MALAMBO
Registro de Activos de Información en cumplimiento a la Ley 1712 de Transparencia y acceso a la información pública.
Ethiopia Pastoralist Areas Resilience Improvement and Market Expansion (PRIME) Project IE--Food Consumption Last 7 Days
This dataset contains the data describing on food consumption over the 7 Days prior tothe survey collected as part of the baseline survey generated in support of an impact evaluation of the Ethiopia Pastoralist Areas Resilience Improvement and Market Expansion (PRIME) Project.
Pit Tag Details
InPort Dataset ID: 17979 InPort Entity ID: 36835 Tag details for PIT tagged fish detected in estuary wetland channels from juvenile salmon.
Esquema de Publicación De Información
Instrumento del que dispone la Corporación para informar, de forma ordenada, a la ciudadanía, interesados y usuarios, sobre la información publicada y que publicará, conforme al principio de divulgación proactiva de la información previsto en el artículo 3° de la Ley 1712 de 2014, y sobre los medios a través de los cuales se puede acceder a la misma
Reports Substantiated by Victim Age and Type of Abuse
The data below represents the age of the victims of substantiated abuse or neglect. A child is represented more than once if he or she suffered more than one type of abuse or was involved in more than one substantiated report during the year.
Article 22 Green Building Review Projects
The Zoning Ordinance’s Section 22.20 – Green Building Requirements ensures that major new projects and substantially rehabilitated buildings are planned, designed and constructed using environmentally sustainable and energy-efficient practices. Projects fall under these requirements when:  •	They exceed 25,000 square feet of gross floor area AND •	Require a Special Permit under any provision of the Zoning Ordinance OR •	Are subject to Section 19.50 – Building and Site Requirements  The City of Cambridge does not mandate that projects achieve Certification through a green building rating program. Rather, the intent of the green building ordinance is to use green building rating systems as a technical framework to ensure that buildings throughout the City achieve a higher level in building energy use and efficiency, sustainability, and resiliency.
RESULTADOS DARE PRIMER SEMESTRE DEL 2016
El resultado del programa Dare por distrito del primer semestre del 2016.
SNAP and Cash Assistance for NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163
This dataset contains information about <a href="https://www1.nyc.gov/site/hra/help/snap-benefits-food-program.page">SNAP </a> and <a href="https://www1.nyc.gov/site/hra/help/cash-assistance.page">Cash Assistance</a>, services offered by the Department of Social Services (DSS)/Human Resources Administration (HRA) to help New Yorkers receive the federally-administered food benefits they qualify for. Each row in the dataset represents the number of public housing residents on a Borough-level who receive or utilize this service.  For datasets related to other services provided to NYCHA residents, view the data collection “Services available to NYCHA Residents - Local Law 163”.
2015 Medicare Shared Savings Program Accountable Care Organizations
The Medicare Shared Savings Program (or Shared Savings Program) facilitates coordination among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries while reducing the growth in health care costs. Eligible providers, hospitals, and suppliers may apply to participate in the Shared Savings Program by creating or participating in an Accountable Care Organization (ACO).     DISCLAIMER: This information is current as of August 2015. Changes to ACO information occurs periodically. As a result, we update the data twice a year. Each ACO has the most up-to-date information. Consider using them as a resource to obtain the latest information about an ACO.
Farm Registration by County
Farm Registration is a voluntary annual program that provides managed access to government programs by farm businesses, collection of farm information to develop agricultural policy and provide stable funding of the Nova Scotia Federation of Agriculture.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Nicaragua, 2014 - Data
A part of the 2014 round of public opinion surveys implemented by LAPOP, the Nicaragua survey was carried out between February 25th and March 22nd of 2014.  It is a follow-up of the national surveys of 1999, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2012.  The 2014 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with the fieldwork being carried out by Borge y Asociados. The 2014 AmericasBarometer received generous support from many sources including USAID, UNDP, IADB,Vanderbilt U., Princeton U., Universite Laval, U. of Notre Dame, among others.
Workforce1 Job Listing
Listing of job openings registered through Workforce1 Center. This data is up to date as of the date reflected in the "About" tab of this dataset.
CIP Encumberances June 2012
CIP Encumbrances. Created from a monthly extract of FAMIS - Financial Administration and Management System.  Additional analysis may need to be done to interpret fields
2016 San Diego County Demographics - Families in Poverty
Families in Poverty, 2016. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table B17024, B17010.
Registro de Activos de Información
Contiene información del Registro de Activos de Información la Universidad de Cundinamarca del proceso de Control Interno
Total Reported Diseases Utah 1930-1939
This report provides information on the number of reported cases of reportable communicable diseases by year for various ten-year periods.
TLC Authorized Wheelchair Passenger Assistance Training Providers (Dataset)
This is a list of authorized providers who offer the passenger assistance and wheelchair accessible vehicle training course that all new TLC driver license applicants (Yellow & Green Taxicab, Livery, Black Car, and Lux Limo)  must complete as part of the education requirement.
Esquema de Publicación de la Información Personería Municipal de Villavicencio
contiene el esquema del conjunto de datos publicados en la web y su periodicidad de actualización de la información publicada y los responsables de la actualización
Indice Sintético De Calidad Educativa, Sector Oficial 2015
Indice Sintético De Calidad Educativa, Sector Oficial 2015 en Santiago de Cali
Comparable Communities - Debt
This dataset includes comparable governmental debt for both national and local communities. The data also include the population and total debt per capita. These communities were chosen based upon their size and location and have been historical comparisons for the City of Naperville.
Datos de calidad del aire en la estación Transitoria 2014 a 2018 en Santiago de Cali
La estación Transitoria ubicada en el oriente de la ciudad de Santiago de Cali, es una estación que reporta información horaria al centro de control del DAGMA de PM10 y H2S y cada 5 días del contaminante PM2.5 (Semiautomático).  El DAGMA mediante el grupo de calidad del aire en el transcurso de los años ha trabajado en robustecer el sistema de calidad del aire para garantizar la continuidad en los datos, sin embargo es normal que los sistemas de monitoreo de calidad del aire presenten discontinuidad en los datos (datos faltantes o espacios en blanco) debido a dos situaciones: la primera corresponde a las anomalías que se dan en las estaciones de monitoreo, tales como: Fallas en los equipos, falta de energía eléctrica en la zona, hurto de equipos o cableado, mantenimiento o cambio de equipos, etc y la segunda causa corresponde a la inclusión o exclusión de algunos contaminantes o variables meteorológicas, según criterio de los expertos y característica de la zona a monitorear.  Para conocer más sobre la temática, se invita a la comunidad interesada a consultar los boletines de calidad del aire, los cuales se encuentran cargados en el portal del DAGMA, sección grupo de Calidad del Aire: http://www.cali.gov.co/dagma/publicaciones/sistema_de_vigilancia_de_calidad_del_aire_de_cali_svcac_pub
2006 Property Tax Roll
This dataset contains property tax information for the calendar year 2006. Taxes are calculated from property values, and billed in Fiscal Year 2007, which runs from July 1, 2006 to June 30, 2007. The properties include Residential, Commercial and Publicly Held parcels and structures.
Distribución territorial de los municipios por extensión en el Valle del Cauca
información de los municipios del Departamento extensión y tiempo de llegada a la capital
USA SPENDING LGY B118 VETERANS HOUSING DIRECT LOANS FOR CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS MAY2019
<p>VBA HOUSING BENEFITS PROGRAM to provide veterans who are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant with loan directly from the VA in certain circumstances. Permanently and totally disabled Veterans who served on active duty on or after September 16, 1940 and are eligible for a Specially Adapted Housing grant. VA may make loans up to $33,000 to eligible applicants if (a) the veteran is eligible for a VA Specially Adapted Housing grant, and (b) a loan is necessary to supplement the grant, and (c) home loans from a private lender are not available in the area where the property involved is located</p>
NS Fisheries & Aquaculture Loans by County
Fisheries and Aquaculture Loan Board loan Principal Outstanding - by County
Tasas de graduación en las escuelas superiores públicas de Puerto Rico: Año escolar 2013-2014
Contiene las tasas de graduación promedio, al finalizar el año académico 2013-2014, para cada una de las escuelas superiores públicas de Puerto Rico.  Cada fila representa un subgrupo en particular dentro de una escuela en particular.  Los subgrupos se refieren a los siguientes: Todos los estudiantes, impedidos, por debajo del nivel de pobreza, limitaciones lingüísticas en español, puertorriqueños, hispanos no puertorriqueños, blancos no hispanos, otro origen étnico, femenino y masculino.  Además de las tasas de graduación se incluyen también el total de estudiantes graduados y el total de estudiantes que correspondían a su respectivo cohorte.  La tasa de graduación es un porcentaje que se obtiene dividiendo al total de estudiantes que se graduaron del grado 12 entre el total de estudiantes que correspondían a su respectivo cohorte.
Caracterizacion Personas Afro Los Cordobas
caracterizacion de personal afro del municipio de los cordobas-cordoba
CULTIVO YUCA AÑOS 2010 A 2016 EN CAQUETÁ
datos de cultivo de yuca en los municipios del Caquetá, años 2010 a 2016.
NOAA - Percentage of Fish Stock Sustainability Index 1 stocks with adequate population assessments and forecasts
This measure tracks the percentage of Fish Stock Sustainability Index (FSSI) 1 fish stocks for which adequate assessments are available. Assessments are vital to determine the scientific basis for supporting and evaluating the impact of fishery management actions. To be deemed adequate, assessments must be based on recent quantitative information sufficient to determine current stock status (abundance and mortality) relative to established reference levels and to forecast stock status under different management scenarios.   Since the important fish stocks tracked by this measure are the same as those in the FSSI 1 measure, actual data for years before FY 2014 are not comparable to data for FY 2014 and beyond due to the revisions to FSSI (see FSSI 2 dataset). FSSI 1 and FSSI 2 were both measured in FY 2014.
Report Card SQSS for 2016-17
This file includes Report Card Dual Credit, 9th Grade on track, and regular attendance data for the 2016-17 school year. This data is disaggregated by the school, district, and state levels and includes counts and discipline rates of students by the following groups: grade level, gender, race/ethnicity, and student programs and special characteristics. Please review the notes below for more information and notes for downloading this data.
Egresos Hospitalarios Por Procedencia
Cantidad de Egresos Hospitalarios por el departamento y municipio de procedencia del paciente, el dato esta dado anual y por trimestre. Se pública la cantidad ya que los otros datos son reservados.
Day Labor Program Performance Outcomes for PY 16/17:  July 1, 2016 - June 30, 2017
The Day Labor program, funded through City General Fund, provides short-term employment and support services to unemployed Angelenos.
Datos Estadísticos Valorización
Datos Estadísticos Valorización (Obtenidos De Tesorería)
Seasonally Adjusted LAUS Estimates
Historical resident labor force and employment, seasonally adjusted. Washington State and labor market areas, 1990-2020 Benchmark March 2019
Stormwater Private Ponds Unincorporated
This theme was created as an inventory of privately owned ponds, bioswales, and other flood prevention facilities in Unincorporated Pierce County. The data will be used to help organize the inspection of privately owned stormwater pond facilities to help prevent flooding.  Please read metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbswm_stormwater_ponds_private_unincorp.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
DOP Adult Supervision Intakes by Calendar Year
The number of adults sentenced to probation supervision during the reporting period.
Average Monthly Residential Water Consumption by Neighbourhood 2016
This dataset provides the average (annual, winter, summer) residential metered water consumption (2016) within residential neighbourhoods provided in m3/month for the City of Edmonton.  Average monthly residential winter water consumption is the average consumption of the following months: January, February, March, April, October, November and December. Average monthly residential summer water consumption is the average consumption of the following months: May, June, July, August and September.    Only those residential neighbourhoods with at least ten accounts are illustrated to ensure customer privacy.    Residential consumption refers to water used primarily for domestic purposes, where no more than four separate dwelling units are metered by a single water meter.    Thematic mapping is based on the following ranges:    0-10 m3/month – orange  10-20 m3/month – green  20-30 m3/month – purple  30-35 m3/month – blue  35-60 m3/month – red  60 m3/month and up – maroon
City Nature Challenge (3-5 Days)
Data was sourced from LA County's Natural History Museum (NHM). Data on current ongoing programs were reported for January 1st, 2018 – November 15th, 2018. Data on specific challenge projects were reported for all years they occurred (2016, 2017, 2018), but each project has a different timescale. The El Nino SnailBlitz was 3 months, but all other SnailBlitzes and RASCalsBlitz were only 2 months long. The City Nature Challenge was the shortest project lasting only 3-5 days.
Housing Next - Change in Renter Households by Income
Data on the anticipated changes in household incomes that are projected if Grand Rapids continues along its current trajectory.
REGISTROS DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN
REGISTROS DE ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN
Claims Against State of Iowa
This dataset provides information on all claims against the State of Iowa or a State employee received by the State Appeal Board on or after July 1, 2015.  The State Appeal Board is three member board comprised of the Auditor of State, Treasurer of State, and Director of the Department of Management who approves or rejects, and pays claims received.  Claims are either general claims or tort claims.  General claims are related to outdated warrants, invoices, refunds, credits, exemptions, or outdated bills for merchandise or services rendered to the State. Tort claims claims involve property damage, personal injury or wrongful death.
Asociaciones  productora de Guática Risaralda
En  el municipio de Guática Risaralda se han conformado ya 17   Asociaciones  productora de productos agrícolas, con el objeto de fortalecer las actividades a que pertenecen.
Percent of Students Eligible for Free and Reduced Price Lunch in San Mateo County Schools (K-12)
Percentage of students eligible for the free and reduced price lunch program in San Mateo County Schools during the 2013-2014 school year. This data includes the percentage of eligible students, enrollment per school, and supervisor district.
Iowa Population 18 Years and Over by Sex, Age and Educational Attainment (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset provides Iowa population 18 years and over by educational attainment, sex and age for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B15001.  Sex Categories: Male, Female and Both  Age Categories : All, 18 to 24 years, 25 to 34 years, 35 to 44 years, 45 to 64 years, and 65 years and over  Educational Attainment Categories: Any, Less than 9th Grade, 9th to 12th Grade - No Diploma, High School Diploma or Equivalent, Some College - No Degree, Associates Degree, Bachelors Degree, and Graduate or Professional Degree
7/1/13 - 6/30/15 Secretary of State Payroll   (Final)
This report includes all Secretary of State payroll expenditures for the 2011-2013 budget (July 1, 2011 to June 30, 2013) that have been recorded as of August 1, 2017.
Building Permits for Fiscal Year (FY) 2011-2012
Building permit is needed for work involving structural elements of a building. Permits are not required for certain construction work. Historic or conservation districts have special requirements for work on the exterior of properties.
Parks - points
This point theme shows the centroid of park properties in Pierce County. This theme includes Pierce County Parks, City Parks, Habitat Areas, Tacoma Metro Parks, Public Golf Courses, National and State Parks within Pierce County. Please see metadata for additional information (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/GISmetadata/pdbpark_parks_points.html). Any data download constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use (https://matterhorn.co.pierce.wa.us/Disclaimer/PierceCountyGISDataTermsofUse.pdf).
Percentage of Adults Who Report Driving After Drinking Too Much (in the past 30 days),  2012 & 2014, Region 4 - Atlanta
Source: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 2012, 2014.
Sistemas De Riego Municipio De San Cayetano
Mediante censo realizado por el grupo de asistencia técnica agropecuario se obtuvo como resultado los sistemas de riegos utilizados por los agricultores de las diferentes veredas del municipio de san cayetano.
Water Resources Work Orders from 10/01/2016 to present
Water resources work orders from Oct 1, 2016 to present. Each line represents an asset and work order. If a work order has more than one asset, it will have more than one line.
Supermercados Andalucía valle
Establecimiento donde se venden alimentos y otros productos que se sirve el mismo cliente abonando el importe a la salida.
Licensing Center Customer Information
This data set features a monthly snapshot of customer service information at the DCA Licensing Center.
Condom Distribution Sites
The Chicago Department of Public Health is distributing condoms at several locations across the City.
NNDSS - TABLE 1O.  Hansen's disease to Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome
NNDSS - TABLE 1O.  Hansen's disease to Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome - 2019. In this Table, provisional cases* of notifiable diseases are displayed for United States, U.S. territories, and Non-U.S. residents.     Note:   This table contains provisional cases of national notifiable diseases from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data from the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly on the NNDSS Data and Statistics web page (https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/data-and-statistics.html). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of the time needed to complete case follow-up. Therefore, numbers presented in later weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. The national surveillance case definitions used to define a case are available on the NNDSS web site at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/. Information about the weekly provisional data and guides to interpreting data are available at: https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/infectious-tables.html     Footnotes:   U: Unavailable — The reporting jurisdiction was unable to send the data to CDC or CDC was unable to process the data.  -: No reported cases — The reporting jurisdiction did not submit any cases to CDC.  N: Not reportable — The disease or condition was not reportable by law, statute, or regulation in the reporting jurisdiction.  NN: Not nationally notifiable — This condition was not designated as being nationally notifiable.  NP: Nationally notifiable but not published — CDC does not have data because of changes in how conditions are categorized.  Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.  Max: Maximum — Maximum case count during the previous 52 weeks.  * Case counts for reporting years 2018 and 2019 are provisional and subject to change. Cases are assigned to the reporting jurisdiction submitting the case to NNDSS, if the case's country of usual residence is the US, a US territory, unknown, or null (i.e. country not reported); otherwise, the case is assigned to the 'Non-US Residents' category. For further information on interpretation of these data, see https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/Users_guide_WONDER_tables_cleared_final.pdf.   † Previous 52 week maximum and cumulative YTD are determined from periods of time when the condition was reportable in the jurisdiction (i.e., may be less than 52 weeks of data or incomplete YTD data).
Recolección de Basuras en San Andrés Isla
Días de la semana que se presta el servicio de recolección de basura para los barrios de la isla de San Andrés.
Long- Term Care Hospital - General Information
A list of long-term care hospitals with information such as address, phone number, ownership data and more.
Indicadores de Salud 2017
Indicadores generales referentes a salud del año 2017
Homicidios Comunes Según Hora De Ocurrencia   1993 - 2017
El observatorio Social de la Secretaria de Seguridad y Justicia de la Alcaldía de Santiago de Cali pone a disposición de todos los interesados las Muertes por Causa Externa por Homicidios según la hora de ocurrencia de los hechos para los años 1993 al 2017
Recreation Participants by Program
Number of recreation program participants by program category for each year.
Publicaciones_Interacciones_#ApoyoALasVeedurías
La campaña #ApoyoALasVeedurías invitó a la ciudadanía a conocer y hacer observaciones al plan de acción 2020 de la RED de apoyo a las veedurías ciudadanas
Estimated Accidental and Undetermined Drug Overdose Deaths CY 2012-Current County Health
Estimated Accidental and Undetermined Drug Overdose Deaths 2012-2018 and provisional estimates of annual counts of deaths for 2019 generated from preliminary 2019 mortality data as of July 2020.  NOTE: Finalized death certificates for overdose deaths are often delayed by 3-6 months. Counties labeled “no value” have data suppressed due to counts between 1 and 9.  Dataset includes overdose deaths where the Manner of Death is Accidental or Undetermined. Overdose Deaths are classified using the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD–10). Accidental and Undetermined drug overdose deaths are identified using underlying cause-of-death codes X40–X44, and Y10–Y14, and include  -	R99 when the Injury Description indicates an overdose death.  -	X49 when literal COD is Mixed or Combined or Multiple Substance Toxicity, as these are likely drug overdoses  -	X47 when substance indicated is difluoroethane, alone or in combination with other drugs Source Pennsylvania Prescription Drug Monitoring Program * * These data were supplied by the Bureau of Health Statistics and Registries, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The Bureau of Health Statistics and Registries speciﬁcally disclaims responsibility for any analyses, interpretations or conclusions. -	Estimates are broken down by type of drugs involved in the overdose -	Any Drug Overdose Death - all drug overdose deaths, regardless of type of drug involved, excluding alcohol only deaths -	Opioid Overdose Death - any overdose death involving opioids, prescription or illegal
2014-15 Discharge Reporting for All Students - MS
Local Law 42, enacted in 2011, requires the New York City Department of Education (DOE) to report to the New York City Council by June 30, 2015 the number of students in grades 6 through 12 who were discharged, transferred, or graduated during the 2014-15 school year. This document summarizes and explains the reported data. This law requires the reporting of discharges and graduations that occur during one school year.
Public Wi-Fi Locations - Dataset
This dataset contains the WiFi locations that are operated by the City of Saint Paul and accessible by the public.
TARIFAS DE ENERGÍA ENERO 2019 EDEQ
Tarifas de energía enero 2019 Empresa de Energía del Quindío S.A ESP
Budget - 2013 Budget Ordinance - Appropriations
The Annual Appropriation Ordinance is the final City operating budget as approved by the City Council. It reflects the City’s operating budget at the beginning of the fiscal year on January 1. This dataset details the budgeted expenditures in the Ordinance and identifies them by department, appropriation account, and funding type: Local, Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG), and other Grants. “Local” funds refer to those line items that are balanced with locally generated revenue sources, including but not limited to the Corporate Fund, Water Fund, Midway and O’Hare Airport funds, Vehicle Tax Fund, Library Fund and General Obligation Bond funds. Owner: Budget and Management. Frequency: Data is updated annually. For more information about the budget process, visit the Budget Documents page: http://j.mp/lPotWf.
Percent of vehicle occupants observed using seat belts during daytime, New Jersey, by year: Beginning 2010
Ratio: Percent of Population    Definition: Percentage of front-seat passenger car occupants observed using seat belts in automobiles    Data Source: NJLPS Division of Highway Traffic Safety - National Occupant Protection Use Survey  http://www-nrd.nhtsa.dot.gov/CATS/listpublications.aspx?Id=7&ShowBy=Category    * In 2011 NHTSA established new uniform criteria (23 CFR Part 1340) for observational surveys.  In the transitional period, NHTSA allows the States and Territories the option to use either the old or new criteria for 2012 surveys.  In 2012, twenty-seven States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands used surveys that conformed to the new uniform criteria.  From 2013 and beyond all State and Territory observational surveys will be based on the new criteria.
Situación legal de Cabildos Indígenas De Sucre
SITUACION LEGAL CABILDOS INDIGENAS - GOBERNACION- DEPARTAMENTO DE SUCRE-PROGRAMA ASUNTOS ETNICOS.
2016 General - Election Results by precinct (complete eCanvass dataset)
November 2016 general election; final/official results by precinct.
Iowa Civilian Employed Population 16 Years and Over by Sex and Class of Worker (ACS 5-Year Estimates)
This dataset contains Iowa civilian employed population estimate for individuals 16 years or older by by sex and class of worker for State of Iowa, individual Iowa counties, Iowa places and census tracts within Iowa.  Data is from the American Community Survey, Five Year Estimates, Table B24080.  Sex includes the following: Both, Male, and Female.  Class of Worker includes the following: All Classes; Private-for-Profit Wage and Salary Workers; Private-for-Profit Wage and Salary Workers, Employee; Private-for-Profit Wage and Salary Workers, Self-Employed in Own INC; Private Not-for-Profit Wage and Salary Workers; Local Government Workers; State Government Workers; Federal Government Workers; Self-Employed; and Unpaid Family Workers.
Listado de usos de suelo por actividades permitidas, condicionadas y prohibidas en el Municipio de Itagüí
Listado de los usos de suelo donde se incluyen el Codígo del uso, su Uso Principal, Uso Condicionado,	Uso Prohibido, las	condiciones, el área y el perímetro.
Pedestrian Counting System – 2009 to Present (counts per hour)
This dataset contains hourly pedestrian counts since 2009 from pedestrian sensor devices located across the city. The data is updated on a monthly basis and can be used to determine variations in pedestrian activity throughout the day. <p>The sensor_id column can be used to merge the data with the <a href="https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Pedestrian-Counting-System-Sensor-Locations/h57g-5234">Pedestrian Counting System - Sensor Locations</a> dataset which details the location, status and directional readings of sensors. Any changes to sensor locations are important to consider when analysing and interpreting pedestrian counts over time. <p>Important to note about this dataset: <br>•	Where no pedestrians have passed underneath a sensor during an hour, a count of zero will be shown for the sensor for that hour.  <br>•	Directional readings are not included, though we hope to make this available later in the year.  Directional readings are provided in the <a href=" https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Pedestrian-Sensor-Updated-every-15-minutes_TEST/d6mv-s43h">Pedestrian Counting System – Past Hour (counts per minute)</a> dataset.  <p>The <a href="https://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/about-melbourne/research-and-statistics/city-population/Pages/pedestrian-counting-system.aspx">Pedestrian Counting System</a> helps to understand how people use different city locations at different times of day to better inform decision-making and plan for the future. A representation of pedestrian volume which compares each location on any given day and time can be found in our <a href="http://www.pedestrian.melbourne.vic.gov.au/?_ga=2.44607906.760678413.1541972518-340051665.1506055261">Online Visualisation</a>.<p>Related datasets: <br><b><a href=" https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Pedestrian-Sensor-Updated-every-15-minutes_TEST/d6mv-s43h">Pedestrian Counting System – Past Hour (counts per minute)</a></b><br><b><a href="https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Pedestrian-Counting-System-Sensor-Locations/h57g-5234">Pedestrian Counting System - Sensor Locations</a></b>
SF Development Pipeline 2012 Q4
Snapshot of San Francisco Development Pipeline. Tracking of construction and entitlement activity based on data from Dept of Building Inspection's Permit Tracking and the Planning Department's Case Tracking enterprise databases, processed quarterly.
Housing Cost Burden By Ownership and Income
Tenure by Housing Costs as a Percentage of Household Income in the Past 12 Months  County and State values are from the American Community Survey (ACS) 1 Year Survey
Strategic Measure_Number and percentage of creatives who report having access to affordable creative space
This dataset supports measure CLL.B.6, CLL.A.2 of SD23 and was collected from individual artists and arts organizations; both for-profit and non-profit. This data has very specific space needs by arts discipline. Data sourced from the Cultural Arts Space Survey.  View more details and insights related to this data set on the story page: https://data.austintexas.gov/stories/s/hfbb-kg6t
Producción 2193 segundo trimestre 2019
Producción 2193 segundo trimestre 2019 de la ESE Hospital Jose Maria Hernandez
March 2020 Presidential Primary Precinct Results as of 3/16/2020
Precinct level results as of 3/16/2020 for the March 10, 2020 Presidential Primary Election.
Contratistas EMAB S.A. E.S.P.
Base de Datos de contacto con los contratistas de la EMAB S.A. E.S.P.
Citizen Emergency Response Team (CERT)
List of Citizen Emergency Response Teams (CERT)
Learning Improvement Information Center: Regional Indicators for Physical Resources
This dataset consists of statistics on basic infrastructure resources and other resources that support student learning within schools. Main indicators: access to water, bathrooms, electricity, phone, internet, art rooms, auditoriums, library, gymnasium, science lab, and number of books per student.     Click here to access the data: https://mydata.iadb.org/d/b2gd-27ej
Affordable Housing In An Inclusive Community Indicator Data
Affordable Housing In An Inclusive Community Indicator Data
US Census Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Selected Age Groups by Sex for the United States
2010-2018. US Census Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Selected Age Groups by Sex for the United States. The estimates are based on the 2010 Census and reflect changes to the April 1, 2010 population due to the Count Question Resolution program and geographic program revisions. Median age is calculated based on single year of age. For population estimates methodology statements, see http://www.census.gov/popest/methodology/index.html.
Operating Revenue
Operating Revenue 9262016
Location & Hours of Austin Public Health Fresh 4 Less Program
This dataset contains the name, address, type of location, and opening days/hours of the farm stands, mobile markets and healthy corner stores supported by Austin Public Health's Fresh 4 Less program.
Campaign Finance - Report Detail Dataset
This dataset contains data about the Campaign Finance Report received by a filer.  The Reports table contains information about the type of report filed, the due date, original filing date, and transaction totals.  To access the Transactions table, where individual transactions are listed, please go to: https://data.austintexas.gov/Government/Campaign-Finance-Data-Transaction-Detail-Dataset/g4yx-aw9r    A data dictionary for this dataset is available at http://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=247730
Consultas Previas Protocolizaciones
Con esta información se pueden obtener datos estadísticos correspondientes a las consultas adelantadas desde el año 2003 en los diferentes sectores económicos, por años, por etnias, por tipo de población etnológica, con acuerdos o sin acuerdos, consultas para proyectos de interés nacional estratégico (pines), por departamento y región geográfica y por empresas o entidades ejecutoras.
Business Source Center Program Performance Objectives (Q4:  04/17 - 03/18)
The Business Source Center (BSC) Program, funded through the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), provides entrepreneurial training, technical assistance and access to capital for micro-enterprise and start-up businesses.  The program promotes job creation for Angelenos by providing entrepreneurs and small business the support they need to start and/or expand their business.  Goals are established through United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) guidelines and local measures.
1 Jan - 30 June 2015 Calls For Service
PRR 11288 Calls for Service
Aging and Disability Services - Client Level Data 2010
The City’s Aging and Disability Services (ADS) addresses the environmental, economic, and social factors that influence the health and well-being of older adults. In an effort to ensure all older adults experience stable health and can age in place, the Human Services Department invests in a combination of direct services and in funding agencies that serve our older adults. ADS supports older individuals, those living with a disability, and their families.   This dataset is taken from an ADS database that tracks services to clients. That is, each record in the dataset holds information from a specific service provided to an individual client. Services are provided both by direct City services and by those the City contracts with. Due to the sensitivity of this data, efforts have been made to remove any personally identified information from the records. As different service providers are required to collect different kinds of information, some fields appear NULL or blank.
Volunteering in America - MSA Data
This dataset is an overview of volunteering and civic life by metropolitan statistical area (msa). View the full report at nationalservice.gov/via.
Parks Master Plan Number of persons visiting Parks annually
PRKMP Measure K Performance
PLN_PLAN_FRMLRY [impl]
Plan Finder dataset PLN_PLAN_FRMLRY [impl], released on 2020-10-23.
DATOS TRIMESTRALES DE VIGILANCIA EPIDEMIOLÓGICAS
PRIMERAS CAUSAS DE MORBILIDAD POR URGENCIAS PRIMER TRIMESTRE
Average value of Veterans benefits obtained per claim processed
Average value of Veterans benefits obtained per claim processed. Human Services Agency performance measure 7520P 531.
Select Retail Center Occupancies (2017 - Current Year)
Current and past location and occupancy information of the identified retail centers in Naperville, Illinois.
Proceeds Fund
Annual Debt Transparency Report (ADTR) Proceeds - Fund. Data related to the balances of funds established by issuers with the proceeds of their debt issues that are subject to annual reporting under California Government Code section 8855(k).
Baltimore City Employee Residency by Agency
This dataset captures city employee residency as of 6/30/2012.
Consultas verbales por Dirección Territorial
Es el acercamiento que hace un ciudadano a las diferentes oficinas del Ministerio del Trabajo, con el ánimo de solicitar asesoría frente a la normatividad en materia laboral.
Instituciones Educativas Suaita Santander
Relación de instituciones educativas (primaria y secundaria) del municipio de Suaita Santander con sus respectivas sedes.
Número nacidos vivos con residencia habitual de la madre en Ibagué  por edad
Número de nacidos vivos con residencia habitual de la madre en el municipio de Ibagué  por edades simples
2015 San Diego Demographics - Occupation By Industry
Occupation by industry type. Categories are as follows: Agriculture, Forestry, and Mining; Transportation, Warehousing, and Utilities; Information and Communications; Finance, Insurance, and Real Estate; Professional, Scientific, and Management Administration; Educational, Social and Health Services; Entertainment and Hospitality Related. Source: U.S. Census Bureau; 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, Table DP03.
NNDSS - Table II. Cryptosporidiosis to Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
NNDSS - Table II. Cryptosporidiosis to Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever - 2014.In this Table, all conditions with a 5-year average annual national total of more than or equals 1,000 cases but less than or equals 10,000 cases will be displayed (��� 1,000 and ��_ 10,000). The Table includes total number of cases reported in the United States, by region and by states, in accordance with the current method of displaying MMWR data.  Data on United States exclude counts from US territories. Note:These are provisional cases of selected national notifiable diseases, from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). NNDSS data reported by the 50 states, New York City, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories are collated and published weekly as numbered tables printed in the back of the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR). Cases reported by state health departments to CDC for weekly publication are provisional because of ongoing revision of information and delayed reporting. Case counts in this table are presented as they were published in the MMWR issues. Therefore, numbers listed in later MMWR weeks may reflect changes made to these counts as additional information becomes available. Footnotes:C.N.M.I.: Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. U: Unavailable.    -: No reported cases.    N: Not reportable.    NN: Not Nationally Notifiable    Cum: Cumulative year-to-date counts.    Med: Median.    Max: Maximum. * Case counts for reporting years 2013 and 2014 are provisional and subject to change. For further information on interpretation of these data, see http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/document/ProvisionalNationaNotifiableDiseasesSurveillanceData20100927.pdf. Data for TB are displayed in Table IV, which appears quarterly. ��� Dengue Fever includes cases that meet criteria for Dengue Fever with hemorrhage, other clinical, and unknown case classifications. �� DHF includes cases that meet criteria for dengue shock syndrome (DSS), a more severe form of DHF.More information on NNDSS is available at http://wwwn.cdc.gov/nndss/.
Employment by block by CLUE industry
Data collected as part of the City of Melbourne's Census of Land Use and Employment (CLUE). The data covers the period 2002-2019. It shows employment (number of jobs) per city (CLUE) block, classified by their CLUE industry (from ANZSIC1) and small area allocation.   This dataset has been <b>confidentialised</b> to protect the commercially sensitive information of individual businesses. Data in cells which pertain to two or fewer businesses have been suppressed and are shown as a blank cell. The row and column totals refer to the true total, including those suppressed cells.  Non-confidentialised data may be made available subject to a data supply agreement. For more information contact clue@melbourne.vic.gov.au  For CLUE block spatial files see https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Census-of-Land-Use-and-Employment-Blocks/aia8-ryiq  For more information about CLUE see http://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/clue  For more information about the ANZSIC industry classification system see http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/1292.0
2016-2017 Student Discipline Annual Report - TRANSFERS
Students discipline annual report of voluntary and non-voluntary transfers.
Personal Activo Alcaldía Municipal de Chía
Personall activo de la Alcaldía Municipal de Chía perteneciente al periodo actual, adicionalmente se adjuntan los datos y las dependencias a las que cada uno de estos pertenecen
2019 Achieve Summer Camp Literacy Gains Data
Literacy gains are based on the San Diego Quick Assessment, which assesses the reading grade level of students. Students are given sets of words to read, with each set based on a reading grade level. The score corresponds to the reading grade level at which the student makes 1 or less mistake (Independent); 2 mistakes (Instructional); or 3 or more mistakes (Frustration).
Vehicles Available Data
Dataset showing the number of vehicles available to members of a household.
Ten-Year Capital Strategy
This dataset contains Ten-Year Capital Strategy data by project type, ten-year plan category and source of funds.  The dollar values are in thousands.  The dataset is updated every other year in Preliminary and Executive Budget.
DOF: Cooperative Comparable Rental Income – Staten Island – FY 2010/2011
The Department of Finance (DOF) is required by NY State law to value condominiums or cooperatives as if they were residential rental apartment buildings.   DOF uses income information from rental properties similar in physical features and location to the condominiums or cooperatives. DOF applies this income data to the condominium or cooperative and determine its value in the same way DOF values rental apartment buildings.  Update Frequency: Annually
State of Iowa Consumer Fraud Refund Transactions
This dataset contains payment transactions recorded in the State of Iowa’s central accounting system for the Consumer Fraud Refunds fund.
Informacion de transito accidentalidad primer trimestre a 30 de junio del 2019, Municipio de Pasto
Datos de accidentalidad de transito, sujetos a modificaciones en cifras por cuanto cambia la novedad de la accidentalidad a otro estado durante el  primer semestre año 2019 en el Municipio de Pasto
Iowa Unemployment Insurance Benefit Payments by Industry (Monthly)
This dataset contains statewide unemployment insurance payment activities by month and industry group in Iowa.  Industry groups are based on NAICS sectors (North American Industry Classification System).  Data available starting in January 2010.
Catering Permits
List of permits regarding catering services at events taking place in Cambridge
Business Opportunities 5/10/2018 to Present
The City publishes information on the City of Cincinnati Internet web site at www.cincinnati-oh.gov, which includes the Cincinnati Municipal Code (CMC) and the information concerning the rules and regulations governing the City’s Small Business Enterprise (SBE) Program and Minority/Women Business Enterprise (M/WBE) Program. Offerors may register as a City vendor online at https://vss.cincinnati-oh.gov.
Offense Statistics
Year to date offense statistics for 2019
Vital Statistics Live Birth by Birth Weight and Resident County: Beginning 2008
This dataset contains the number of New York State live births by the infant’s birth weight in grams and the mother’s county of residence. The data presented here may not be the same as the Vital Statistics tables on the DOH public web due to data updates. For more information, check out: :http://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/vital_statistics/. The "About" tab contains additional details concerning this dataset.
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS039
Driver Feedback Sign DFS039  Latitude: 53.581349 Longitude: -113.573437  The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).  Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.  Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows: - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins) - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting) - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts) - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.  Things to note:  DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not. DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr. DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr. DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
NCHS - Drug Poisoning Mortality  County Trends  Utah  1999 2014
Drug poisoning deaths at the county level by selected demographic characteristics, and depicts U.S. and state trends in age-adjusted death rates for drug poisoning from 1999 to 2014.
Surplus Crown Property: Surplus Disposal - School Construction/Renovation
This category covers surplus furniture and equipment that was used to reduce capital cost associated with outfitting new school construction or renovations. Financial savings earned through this process were put directly back into each individual project.
Port of Los Angeles - Port Air Quality (2006 - 2013)
Air quality by Elemental Carbon (EC) measure.  Published historical data.  Live and historical data is available via: http://caap.airsis.com/CurrentData.aspx
Inversión por Comunas y Corregimientos Municipio de Medellín año 2017
Este instrumento permite conocer la distribución en la ejecución de la inversión social de la vigencia, en términos de ubicación geográfica. Se consolida de acuerdo con los reportes generados por cada despacho, sobre el cálculo de los recursos destinados a inversión, que fueron debidamente ordenados (facturados o pagados) según cifras oficiales reportadas por la Secretaría de Hacienda con corte a 31 de diciembre de cada vigencia, en concordancia con los proyectos ejecutados en cada una de estas subdivisiones territoriales, según su ubicación por comunas y corregimientos.
Community Development Projects by Agency, Program Area and Funding Source
This data details community development projects funded by the Mayor’s Office of Housing and Community Development (MOHCD) by funded agency, program area, and funding source for Fiscal Year 2018-2019 as of June 30, 2019.
Enhancing Microsimulation Models for Improved Work Zone Planning: Car-Following Data from Western Massachusetts (Runs)
The data describe freeway car-following behavior (such as velocity, acceleration, and relative position) for the car-following instances observed during 6 data collection runs, collected using an Instrumented Research Vehicle (IRV) along freeways and arterials in western Massachusetts in the summer of 2016 to better understand work zone driver behaviors. The USDOT Volpe National Transportation Systems Center (Volpe Center) identified, isolated, and classified individual car following instances from within the raw datasets (classification parameters included roadway type, level of congestion, and speed limit), then processed, refined, and cleaned the dataset.  This table contains metadata about each data collection run. See also the instances table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/74ug-57tr) and radar table (https://datahub.transportation.gov/Automobiles/Enhancing-Microsimulation-Models-for-Improved-Work/4qbx-egtn).
Early Childhood Community Team
ECHCT Measure K Performance
Insight Member Experience Questions - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among many as part of the October 2016 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:    https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/R.aspx?a=1266&as=H7LM4c5nA8&t=1    Open from October 11 - 18, 2016.     At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 6496 Insight Community Members. 1962 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 30%. A total of 1963 respondents completed the survey: 1962 Insight Community Members and 1 using the anonymous link(s) which will have no demographic info.    Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
TxRC 2018 Daily Handle & Commission
TxRC Handle & Commission by Track, Signal Type, & Date as provided to TxRC. NOTE:  All figures are based on data available at the time the report was compiled and are subject to being audited and revised.
Sales Tax Revenue (2009 - 2017)
Aggregated monthly tax revenues for retail sales tax, citywide food & beverage, downtown food & beverage, and home rule sales tax from 2009 to 2017. The City implemented a food and beverage tax in 2004 and a downtown food and beverage tax was added in 2008. Home rule sales tax was enacted in July 2016. Rates have changed for some taxes over time, so revenues are factored to quarter-percent rates.  The data is used in the Downtown Special Events Analysis (https://data.naperville.il.us/d/nuvp-g4r9/)
Recaudo Impuesto Predial
Recaudo Impuesto Predial por zonas y sectores de la ciudad de Armenia
SEDES DE LAS INTITUCIONES EDUCATIVAS
Listado de las instituciones y sedes del municipio
Falls
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Zonas Wifi Santa Rosa de Cabal
Ubicación de las zonas wi-fi en el municipio de Santa Rosa de Cabal
Iowa Medicaid Payments & Recipients by Month and Vendor
This dataset shows aggregated Medicaid payments, client participation, recipients, bed hold days, and other days by vendors/health care providers by month in Iowa starting with July 2011. Vendors within this dataset fall into the following categories: Skilled Nursing Facilities, Intermediate Care Facilities,  Residential Care Facilities, State Operated - Intermediate Care Facilities for Individuals with Mental Disabilities, Community-Based Intermediate Care Facilities for Individuals with Mental Disabilities, and Nursing Facilities for the Mentally Ill.
Serious Reportable Events
Serious Reportable Events in Nova Scotia. Includes the following data fields: Year, Category, Subcategory, Year, Quarter, Quantity
Accident Data
Accident Data for 2019
Matriculados Datos Abiertos 2017-1
Matriculados 2017-1
Registro de Activos de Información Misional del Servicio Geológico Colombiano
Contiene los productos geocientíficos relacionados como activos de información misional del Servicio Geológico Colombiano
Daily Brent Crude Oil Spot Prices
Daily Brent Crude Oil Spot Prices (FOB  in dollars per barrel) from the Energy Information Administration
Comment on Electric Vehicle Rebates 2018 Rulemaking
DEQ invites the public to submit comments on the Electric Vehicle Rebates 2018 Rulemaking from Jan. 19, 2018 to 4 p.m., March 14, 2018. Comments submitted outside of this time frame will not be considered.
Droguerías del Municipio de Candelaria Valle
Se pone a disposición el listado de las droguerías autorizadas para manejar medicamentos en el municipio y en el área rural.
Aboriginal identity population labour force, 15 years and over, by sex, 2012 Canada / Population active d'identité autochtone, 15 ans et plus, selon le sexe, 2012 Canada
Labour force status by Aboriginal Identity. This table presents an overview of the labour market conditions among the Aboriginal populations, according to the Educational attainment and labour force status by Aboriginal Identity of Statistics Canada. / Situation de population active selon l'Identité autochtone. Ce tableau présente un aperçu des conditions du marché du travail au sein des populations autochtones, selon le niveau de scolarité et la situation sur le marché du travail selon l'Identité autochtone de Statistique Canada.
Second Harvest Foodbank
Measures food provided to the Hunger Relief Network (in pounds)
Organic Farms & Cropland
This data describes the number of organic farms and acreage of crops and livestock pastrue in Hawaii from 1997 to 2011 (no data for 1998, 1999, and  2009)
4840B_Utilities
Performance measures dataset
COVID-19  Cases Summarized by Homelessness Status
<strong>A. SUMMARY</strong> This dataset represents the COVID-19 positive confirmed cases by homelessness. Demographic and transmission data are based on information reported from case interviews, laboratories, and providers. This data may not be immediately available for recently reported cases and data will change to reflect as information becomes available. Cumulative counts of 5 or fewer are excluded from the dataset.  <strong>B. HOW THE DATASET IS CREATED</strong> Information on cases and deaths including case demographic and transmission details is reported from a combination of data sources including electronic and faxed laboratory reports, case interviews, medical providers, and electronic medical record systems. These multiple streams of data are merged, deduplicated, undergo quality assurance and other data verification processes, and are continually updated to maximize completeness of information and reporting on San Francisco residents with COVID-19. Data are prepared by close of business daily for public display.  <strong>C. UPDATE PROCESS</strong> Updated daily, dataset uploaded manually by staff  <strong>D. HOW TO USE THIS DATASET</strong> Unknowns may become known over time as more information is gathered.  Categories resulting in 5 or fewer cumulative cases are dropped for privacy reasons.  There are two other datasets related to cases: 1. <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/COVID-19/COVID-19-Cases-Summarized-by-Date-Transmission-and/tvq9-ec9w">COVID-19 Cases Summarized by Date, Transmission and Case Disposition</a> 2. <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/COVID-19/COVID-19-Cases-Summarized-by-Race-and-Ethnicity/vqqm-nsqg">COVID-19 Cases Summarized by Race and Ethnicity</a> 3. <a href="https://data.sfgov.org/COVID-19/COVID-19-Cases-Summarized-by-Age-Group/sunc-2t3k">COVID-19 Cases Summarized by Age Group</a>
Estadistica 2015 - Agricola - Permanentes
Estadistica 2015 - Agricola - Permanentes
Sedes Educativas de la gobernación de Caldas
Sedes Educativas de la gobernación de Caldas
CONSOLIDADO CONTRATACIÓN ANTIOQUIA DICIEMBRE-2019
Reporte Consolidado de Contratación del mes de diciembre de 2019 de las entidades públicas que audita la Contraloría General de Antioquia.
Commercial Buildings Requiring Benchmarking for FY 2016
Commercial building owners participated in a phased-in reporting since 2012, for buildings 75,000 square feet and larger. Find more information at http://austinenergy.com/go/ecad and http://austinenergy.com/go/reports.
Rates of TBI-related Emergency Department Visits, Hospitalizations, and Deaths by Sex - United States, 2001 – 2010
Overall rates of TBI climbed slowly from 2001 through 2007, then spiked sharply in 2008 and continued to climb through 2010.  The increase in TBI rates in 2008 was much sharper for men (nearly 40% increase) than for women (20% increase).  In 2007, overall rates of TBI were 26% higher in men compared to women.  In 2008, that gap began to widen, reaching 61% in 2009 before narrowing to 29% in 2010.  Rates of overall TBI are largely driven by rates of TBI-related ED visits.
Properties Protected by COA Efforts
Number and percentage of properties whose exposure to wildfire risk have decreased due to City efforts - SD23 Measure HE.E.5.c.AFD
Prestadores de Salud Departamento de Antioquia
Registro de Prestadores de servicios de salud habilitados en el Departamento de Antioquia (corte diciembre 6 de 2017)
Environmental Control - Asbestos Removal Permits - 2010
Address and fee information for Asbestos Removal Permits in 2010
Listado Presidentes Juntas de Acción Comunal  Flandes 2016-2019
Flandes es Capaz de Construir Progreso 2016-2019. Listado Presidentes Juntas de Acción Comunal
Agricultural Land Dynamics and Land Policy in Rural Tanzania 2016: Crop Income Dataset
This dataset contains information about the value of the interviewed household's crops and the income they generated for the household. The table can be combined with other datasets in this data asset using the 'hhid' column.  The purpose of collecting these data was to examine farm expansion and labor markets in rural Tanzania. Data were collected in 8 rural districts of Tanzania: Mvomero, Kilombero, Njombe, Kiteto, Magu, Moshi Rural, Mkuranga and Liwale.  The data were collected through the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Food Security Policy (FSP).
PS Summary Tables 12-05-2018
Puget Sound AA summary table for 2018 SOS
SFY 15 Medicaid Expenditures
SFY 2015 Medicaid Expenditures
Live Well Report
This dataset contains the Live Well Report monthly data that reflects wellness enrollment and engagement in the Virgin Pulse Program (corporate wellness programs that are designed to support and encourage a holistic approach to employee well-being by creating an organizational culture of health).  Update Frequency : Semi-Annually
Traffic Cameras
This dataset contains information about traffic cameras in Austin, TX. Traffic cameras are owned and operated by the City of Austin Transportation Department and are used to monitor traffic conditions across the city.     You may also be interested in our traffic signal operations dashboards, available at http://transportation.austintexas.io    For information about Austin's Advanced Transportation Management System, visit the department website:  http://www.austintexas.gov/department/arterial-management    This product is for informational purposes and may not have been prepared for or be suitable for legal, engineering, or surveying purposes. It does not represent an on-the-ground survey and represents only the approximate relative location of traffic signals.
Dewatering Permits
Dewatering permits since April 2019.
Commissioner's Correspondence
DOT receives, tracks, and responds to correspondences sent to the Commissioner's Correspondence Unit (CCU) and Borough Commissioner’s (BC) offices. This includes some requests initially sent to 311 and the Mayor's Office, and then forwarded to DOT.
Alameda County Mortality Data by Census Tract
Data for Alameda County and constituent census tracts. Because of low counts and stability concerns, some data are suppressed; these have a -1 in place of the data. Data for life expectancy are for 2010-2014, while the remainder are for 2012-2014. From the Community Assessment, Planning, and Evaluation unit of the Alameda County Public Health Department, with data from Alameda County vital statistics files.
NS Climate Change Data
Climate data for regions of Nova Scotia. Each region has historical data for a 30 year baseline period (1961 – 90) and future projections out to the end of the century (2100).
Census 2001 - Total Population By Census Year
Total population, land area, and population density of neighbourhoods, neighbourhood clusters, wards, community areas, and custom areas including downtown and the entire city beginning with the 1971 census.
Fire Stations
Location of fire stations throughout Edmonton. Also, data set identifies whether there is an emergency medical response unit associated with the fire station.
PLAN INDICATIVO Segundo Trimestre 2018
Conjunto de datos que contiene el avance en la ejecución de los programas y proyectos del Plan de Desarrollo "Itagüí Avanza con equidad para todos" para el segundo trimestre de la Vigencia 2018
ACTIVOS DE INFORMACIÓN
Clasificación del registro de activos de información de acuerdo con los procedimientos, lineamientos, valoración y tiempo definidos en su programa de gestión documental.
Parcel Geographic Summary
This dataset is provided as a resource for cross-referencing data with the City's GIS.  Here, parcels are summarized by many geographic entities such as Census, Enterprise Zones, Neighborhood, Zoning, and many more...  Use of the PIN key can be used for this purpose.  (Update Frequency:  Quarterly)
Contracts: State Treasurer: Fiscal Year 2013
Contracts for the State Treasurer's office for Fiscal Year 2013
Child and Dependent Care Credit By Place of Residence: Beginning Tax Year 2002
The Department of Taxation and Finance annually publishes statistical information on the New York State child and dependent care credit (NYS CDCC).  Summary data are presented for all taxpayers, including full-year New York state residents, part-year residents and nonresidents (where applicable).  Data are presented on a statewide and county-level basis for numbers and amounts of credit claims based on filing status and number of qualifying dependents.  Taxpayers filing “married separate” generally are not allowed to take the child and dependent care credit.    The tables also include summary information for the New York City child and dependent care credit (NYC CDCC).  The data are presented on a county-level basis for numbers and amounts of credit claims at the aggregate level only.
The AmericasBarometer by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)-Haiti, 2010 - Data
The Latin America Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) implemented this survey in Haiti as part of its 2010 of round surveys.   The 2010 survey was conducted by Vanderbilt University with the field work being carried out by Borge y Asociados.
CPS 6.1 Paid Foster Care - Average FTE's and Children per by Funding Source FY2010-2019
For HHSC 24-Hour Residential Child Care Facility Rates go to  http://www.dfps.state.tx.us/PCS/rates_childcare_reimbursement.asp   FOOTNOTES Calculations exclude children where cost of care was not covered by Title IV-E or state paid foster care.  Children may be duplicated within a month by funding streams.  Full Time Equivalents (FTEs) are calculated by dividing the days of paid foster care by number of the days in the month.  The total of all payment rate types will include duplicated counts due to changes in service levels during the month.  Some children are served in more than one eligibility type in a month.  State Paid Foster Care may be funded with Federal Block Grant (TANF).  The methodology used for this chart was modified in FY16 to evaluate at the county level; therefore, the resulting averages may not match prior data books.
RED VIAL SECUNDARIA A CARGO DEL DEPARTAMENTO  DEL ATLÁNTICO
RED VIAL SECUNDARIA A CARGO DEL DEPARTAMENTO  DEL ATLÁNTICO CON NOMBRE DE LAS VÍAS, CORREDOR Y DISTANCIA A RECORRER
Park and Ride Locations Current Transportation
PennDOT Official Park and Ride information that is  currently available. This is not all inclusive.
Water Safety - Edmonton Insight Community
This was one single topic among several from the September 2018 Mixed Topic survey. To view the survey questions, click on the following link:  https://www.edmontoninsightcommunity.ca/c/a/5zLg5aUuUgZ6tfSCdB45KK?t=1  Open from September 11 - 18, 2018.   At the time the survey was launched survey invitations were sent to 9,497 Insight Community Members. 2,420 members completed the survey which represents a completion rate of 26%. A total of 2,431 respondents completed the survey: 2,420 Insight Community Members and 2 from the call to action button on our webpage and 9 using the anonymous link(s) on edmonton.ca/surveys which will have no demographic information.  Column definitions can be found as an attachment to this dataset (under the About option, in the Attachment section).
Vehicle GPS Data: Department of Public Services
Data Description: Path data for vehicles used by the Department of Public Services (DPS) equipped with GPS. This includes street sweepers, trash packers, and snow plows. Vehicles are identified by location and asset number.   Data Creation: Data is generating by GPS devices on DPS vehicles  Data Created By: DPS  Refresh Frequency: Daily  CincyInsights: The City of Cincinnati maintains an interactive dashboard portal, CincyInsights in addition to our Open Data in an effort to increase access and usage of city data. This data set has an associated dashboards available here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/eri9-e928 and here: https://insights.cincinnati-oh.gov/stories/s/usdr-2hia  Data Dictionary: A data dictionary providing definitions of columns and attributes is available as an attachment to this dataset.  Processing: The City of Cincinnati is committed to providing the most granular and accurate data possible. In that pursuit the Office of Performance and Data Analytics  facilitates standard processing to most raw data prior to publication. Processing includes but is not limited: address verification, geocoding, decoding attributes, and addition of administrative areas (i.e. Census, neighborhoods, police districts, etc.).  Data Usage: For directions on downloading and using open data please visit our How-to Guide: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/dataset/Open-Data-How-To-Guide/gdr9-g3ad
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2002
Utah Fish Stocking Report 2002
Table 7.03 VISITOR ARRIVALS AND AVERAGE DAILY VISITOR CENSUS 1966 TO 2011
* Covers visitors staying overnight or longer anywhere in the state, and any overnight or  non-overnight interisland trips reported by these visitors.															 * Domestic includes passengers from all flights originating from the mainland United States.  															 * International includes passengers from all flights originating from U.S. territories and other countries															  Source:  Hawaii Tourism Authority
Provider Relief Fund COVID-19 High-Impact Payments
The bipartisan CARES Act and the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act provided $175 billion in relief funds to hospitals and other healthcare providers on the front lines of the coronavirus response. The Department of Health and Human Services through the Health Resources and Services Administration is distributing two rounds of payments to hospitals in High Impact areas for positive COVID-19 admissions. In the first round of the High Impact Allocation, $12 billion was distributed to nearly 400 hospitals who provided inpatient care for 100 or more COVID-19 patients through April 10, 2020. $2 billion of these payments was distributed to these hospitals based on their Medicare disproportionate share and uncompensated care payments. In the second round of funding, $10 billion will be distributed to hospitals having over 161 COVID-19 admissions between January 1 and June 10, 2020.
Average Annual Weekday Traffic Volumes (2009-2015)
Actual volumes and estimated volumes are displayed. Estimated volumes are derived from growth factors at permanent counting sites. The growth factors are applied to the most recent actual AAWDT volume at a given location.    Seasonal Adjustments  Volumes are based on counts of one or two day duration (usually completed between May to June and September to October) and are adjusted to reflect an average weekday during the year. Adjustments are based on variations by time of year measured at permanent count locations that monitor traffic year round.    Year to Year Volume Changes ‐ Interpretation of Results  An increase or decrease in volume does not necessarily indicate a trend for a given roadway. Some areas may record a temporary change in volume due to the reconstruction of a roadway link. Although every attempt is made to avoid counting areas while diversions are in effect, some roadway projects affect traffic patterns for a long period of time and are reflected in the counts. For example, the 2011 construction program included Scona Road, the interchange at 23 Avenue/Gateway Boulevard, widening of the Quesnell Bridge, overpasses for major links of the West Anthony Henday, and interchanges for the north Anthony Henday.
FY15 APPR Each Program Appr Changes
FY15 APPR Each Program Approved Changes
Selected Hospital Level HAC Rates
Hospital Level calculations for 8 Hospital Acquired Conditions (data period: July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2012)
City Quadrants
Spatial data representing the City quadrants.
Diabetes
Basic Metadata *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.   **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.   ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander.  ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.   Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook:  https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Fixed Broadband Deployment Data: December, 2016 Status V1
All facilities-based broadband providers are required to file data with the FCC twice a year (Form 477) on where they offer Internet access service at speeds exceeding 200 kbps in at least one direction. Fixed providers file lists of census blocks in which they can or do offer service to at least one location, with additional information about the service. Data Download Page: (https://www.fcc.gov/general/broadband-deployment-data-fcc-form-477. Resources page: https://www.fcc.gov/general/form-477-resources-filers
CMA Small to Medium-sized Business
An additional measure of the growth in small and medium-sized business for the Edmonton Census Metropolitan Area (CMA).
Libraries - 2020 Wi Fi Usage
The Chicago Public Library offers free WiFi at all locations. Chicago Public Library consists of the Harold Washington Library Center, Sulzer, Legler and Woodson regional libraries and over 70 neighborhood branches. Many locations experience sporadic closures to perform facilities upgrade or emergency closures due to heating or air conditioning issues, or area power outages. Independence, Little Italy (formerly Roosevelt) and Northtown reopened in early 2019 in new locations. The library also opened its 81st location, West Loop, in January. Douglass and Jefferson Park were closed for extensive renovations for most of the year. Legler, South Shore and Merlo were also closed for extensive renovations and will remain closed until 2020. In response to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, the Chicago Public Library closed facilities to the public March 21, 2020 – June 7, 2020.
Chicago Public Schools – Elementary School Progress Report Card (2012-2013)
This dataset shows the 2012 School Progress Report Card data elements for each CPS elementary school.  The report card is an annual summary of how the school is doing.  For more information on the School Progress Report Cards, please see http://cps.edu/Schools/Pages/SchoolProgressReportCards.aspx.
SHIP Emergency Department Visit Rate Due To Asthma 2008-2017
Emergency Department Visit Rate Due To Asthma - This indicator shows the rate of emergency department visits due to asthma per 10,000 population. Asthma is a chronic health condition which causes very serious breathing problems. When properly controlled through close outpatient medical supervision, individuals and families can manage their asthma without costly emergency intervention. In Maryland, there are nearly 50,000 emergency department visit related to asthma each year.
LifeMoves- HOT Meas-A  HSAHO - initial contract for Southern region
LifeMoves- HOT Meas-A  HSAHO - initial contract for Southern region. HSAHO Measure K Performance
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2007
Crude Oil Production In Utah By 25 Largest Operators T3.9 2007
Street Sweeping Schedule - 2014
Street sweeping schedule by Ward and Ward sections number. To find your Ward section, visit https://data.cityofchicago.org/id/czxu-ejis. For more information about the City's Street Sweeping program, go to http://bit.ly/H2PHUP.
ACTQP HTS - Trip Rate of Individuals Categorised by Age, Gender and Income
This data set provides a rate of trips taken by individuals sampled in obtaining data for the ACT Household Travel Survey. The data is categorised by age, gender and income. A trip is defined as the travel between two main activities, where a stop may constitute a change in transport mode.   As an example: driving from home to a park and ride facility, then catching a bus to an interchange, then walking to a shop to purchase an item and finally walking to work is comprised of 4 ‘stops’ and two ‘trips’.   Note: This data represents travel and activity on an average weekday. Total trip rate includes ‘other/not stated’ gender respondents.
Peripheral Vascular Disease
Basic Metadata Note: condition new in 2017. *Rates per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted rates per 100,000 2000 US standard population.  **Blank Cells: Rates not calculated for fewer than 5 events. Rates not calculated in cases where zip code is unknown.  ***API: Asian/Pacific Islander. ***AIAN: American Indian/Alaska Native.  Prepared by: County of San Diego, Health & Human Services Agency, Public Health Services, Community Health Statistics Unit, 2019.  Code Source: ICD-9CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2015. ICD-10CM - AHRQ HCUP CCS v2018. ICD-10 Mortality - California Department of Public Health, Group Cause of Death Codes 2013; NHCS ICD-10 2e-v1 2017.  Data Guide, Dictionary, and Codebook: https://www.sandiegocounty.gov/content/dam/sdc/hhsa/programs/phs/CHS/Community%20Profiles/Public%20Health%20Services%20Codebook_Data%20Guide_Metadata_10.2.19.xlsx
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of January 2018.
<p>Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of January 2018</p>
Human Rights - Decisions
The Commission investigates, mediates and, if warranted, adjudicates violations of the Cook County Human Rights Ordinance.  If you believe that you have been the victim of unlawful discrimination in the protected areas of employment, housing, public accommodations, credit or access to County programs, services or contracts, contact the Cook County Commission on Human Rights for an intake interview. https://www.cookcountyil.gov/service/complaint-filing-and-investigation
Feed the Future Tajikistan Zone of Influence Population Based Survey, Household Consumption Expenditures
The baseline survey in Tajikistan captures data in the Feed the Future Zones of Influence (ZOI), comprised of 12 of the 24 districts in Khatlon province. A total of 2,000 households in the ZOI were surveyed for the PBS data collection activity. These households are spread across 100 standard enumeration areas in the targeted districts. The survey is comprised of ten CSV files: a children's file, a household-level file, a household member level file, a women's file, several files describing consumption, and two files used to construct the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index. This dataset contains variables from Module E, the Household Consumption Expenditures module used to calculate poverty and expenditure indicators.
INSTITUCIONES DE SALUD DE YUMBO - Delimitado
Instituciones Prestadoras del Servicio de Salud en el Municipio de Yumbo
Driver Feedback Sign - DFS202
Driver Feedback Sign DFS202    Latitude: 53.500462  Longitude: -113.542835    The City has a number of Driver Feedback Signs (DFS) installed around the city. These units collect data as traffic approaches them and in some cases may display a message or a speed that is being detected. Also, these units are radar based and can only track one vehicle at a time (strongest signal).    Due to the number of DFS installations combined with the volume of data collected, each DFS has its own dataset.    Details of how the data is collected by the DFS are as follows:  - Data is accumulated and reported in 15 minute intervals  - Vehicle speeds are captured/reported in speed intervals (bins)  - Speed range/interval for the bins are determined by parameters/settings set for the DFS (Minimum/Maximum Speed Detection Setting)  - Two speed values are recorded for every vehicle - a Highest Speed Detected and a Slowest Speed Detected (explaining why there are two vehicle counts)  - The bins go from Bin 1 to Bin 10. Bin 1 can also be referred to a LO BIN and Bin 10 can also be referred to as HIGH BIN.    Things to note:    DFS devices are not to be used as or confused with traffic counters, as they are not.  DFS devices have a minimum detectable speed of approximately 6 km/hr.  DFS devices have a maximum (theoretical) detectable speed of approximately 225 km/hr.  DFS devices are programmable with different parameters that can also follow a timed schedule.
Top 100 Individuals
Top 100 Delinquent Individual Taxpayers
Bienestar descuentos e incentivos por modalidad 2019-1
Descuentos e incentivos entregados por modalidad en el periodo 2019-1
Biblioteca de Repelon
Biblioteca de Repelon
MBDA - Minority business jobs created or retained
Number of jobs created through minority business manufacturing and export activity.  MBDA tracks job creation and job retention through its national network of Minority Business Centers, Advanced Manufacturing Centers, the Federal Procurement Center, and the American Indian, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian Broad Agency Announcements.
Accused Pre-Trial Inmates in Correctional Facilities
A listing, updated nightly, of individuals being held in Department of Correction facilities while awaiting trial. This data is appended on nightly basis reflecting the individual inmates being held in correctional facilities each day beginning July 1, 2016.  Field Descriptions: DOWNLOAD DATE: Date in which the data were extracted and reflecting the population for that day.  IDENITIFIER: Individual Inmate Identifier  LATEST ADMISSION DATE: Most recent date in which the inmate has been admitted. In some instances, this may reflect an original date of admission to a correctional facility. Generally, if a date is more than one year old, an inmate should not be considered to have been held for the entire duration of that time.  RACE: Race of inmate  AGE: Age of inmate  BOND AMOUNT: Amount of bond for which the inmate is being held. In some instances, for particularly low (less than $100), this bond amount may be considered a place holder value  OFFENSE: Controlling offense for which the bond amount has been set.  FACILITY: Department of Correction facility where the inmate is currently held.  DETAINER: Denotes whether inmate is being held at the request of another criminal justice agency, or if another agency is to be notified upon release.
TWWG Spills
Whenever a spill occurs, one that adversely affects the environment, the City is required to report the incident to Alberta Environment and Sustainable Resource Development. The City actively tries to minimize the negative impacts that spills can cause to the environment, human health and safety or property. The City of Edmonton attempts to exceed these requirements by encouraging employees and contractors to report all releases, no matter the size or extent of impact, to a City 24/7 operated call center.
Near-Earth Comets - Orbital Elements
The table below provides J2000 heliocentric ecliptic orbital elements  for 170 NECs (Near-Earth Comets) sorted by object number/name.    http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/neo_elem?type=NEC
Malawi Baseline Impact Evaluation: Asset Consumption Data
Feed the Future initiative in Malawi is committed to improving food security and nutrition in farming households while reducing rural poverty through an agriculture-­led, integrated economic growth, nutrition, and natural resource management strategy. The goal of the impact evaluation is to determine whether integrating nutrition interventions  alongside agricultural value chain interventions will contribute to a greater reduction in malnutrition among children under 3 years of age, compared to nutrition improvements anticipated from stand-­alone value chain activities.    The main objectives are to enable USAID missions to meet the performance monitoring requirements of Feed the Future and maximize the use and benefits of data collected; provide high-­quality empirical evidence to inform program design and investment decisions that will promote sustainable food security; ensure timely availability of high­quality data for use in monitoring performance and evaluating impacts of the Feed the Future initiative; and facilitate accountability and learning about which Feed the Future interventions work best, under what conditions, and at what cost.
Dignatarios de juntas de accion comunal urbano Municipio de Pasto a marzo del 2019
Dignatarios de juntas de acción comunal urbano Municipio de Pasto
Registro de Activos de Información
Inventario de la información pública que el sujeto obligado genera, obtiene, adquiere, transforma o controla y que ayuda a preservar la memoria institucional, por tanto facilita la continuidad en los procesos administrativos y de gestión
Indicadores Calidad 2019
Indicadores de Calidad y Gestión de la E.S.E Hospital Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria del Municipio de Guarne - Antioquia
Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Provider by RUG Aggregate Report, CY 2016
The Skilled Nursing Facility Utilization and Payment Public Use File (Skilled Nursing Facility PUF) provides information on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries residing in skilled nursing facilities. The Skilled Nursing Facility PUF contains information on utilization, payment (allowed amount, Medicare payment and standard payment), submitted charges and beneficiary demographic and chronic condition indicators organized by CMS Certification Number (6-digit provider identification number), Resource Utilization Group (RUG), and state of service. This PUF is based on information from CMS’s Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse (CCW) data files. The data in the Skilled Nursing Facility PUF covers calendar year 2016 and contains 100% final-action (i.e., all claim adjustments have been resolved) skilled nursing facility institutional claims for the Medicare fee-for-service (FFS) population.
Potholes Repaired in LA County (Unincorporated) by Year
By year the number of road potholes reapired in LA County unincorporated areas.
MDAg - Manure Transport Tons
Manure Transport cost-shared tonnage for fiscal years 2005-2017, by county. Tonnage transported for non-land application is shown as "alternative use" (e.g. Perdue AgriRecycle)
KC Green Sustainable Projects
List of locations where KC Green signs are installed explaining what sustainable projects the City has done in specific locations
Census Tracts - 2010
Census tracts from the 2010 census
Support Fort Collins Business during COVID-19 Product Options search data
Dataset to support searching Fort Collins COVID Business Support by 'product options'
Farmland Preservation Program - Marin County Parks
Agricultural Conservation Easements (ACE) purchased through Farmland Preservation program funded by Parks Measure A
All_HI_Routes
This dataset is an inventory of all routes on Hawaii Highways. Information available include: length of routes, the geometric length of the routes, the type of route, and the begin/end mileposts.
Section H2-H5 Breeding and AI Animal Health Manure Handling Record Keeping
The survey interviewed 254 retailer shops in 10 sub-cities of Addis Ababa. 30 supermarkets, 20 mini-markets, 100 regular shops, 80 dairy shops and 24 open market shops selling dairy products were interviewed. Details of the sampling strategy is found in the attachment. The survey collected information on the characteristics of the shop, details of dairy products sold, prices and quality. Policy makers, research, and other stakeholders can use this data to analyses dairy value chain in Ethiopia and dairy retailing practices in Ethiopia. This data set was collected through research of the project “Improving the evidence and policies for better performing livestock systems in Ethiopia” lead by the International Food Policy Research Institution as part of the Feed the Future Innovation Lab for Livestock Systems.
